Risk Factors 
 We have
identified the following additional risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below before making an
investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed
by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our markets are rapidly changing
and we have a limited operating history, which make it difficult to predict our future revenue and plan our expenses appropriately. 
 We were incorporated in August 1999 and shipped our first product in December 2001. We have a limited operating history and compete in markets characterized by rapid technological change, changing needs
of communications service providers, or CSPs, evolving industry standards and frequent introductions of new products and services. We have limited historical data and have had a relatively limited time period in which to implement and evaluate our
business strategies as compared to companies with longer operating histories. In addition, we likely will be required to reposition our product and service offerings and introduce new products and services as we encounter rapidly changing CSP
requirements and increasing competitive pressures. We may not be successful in doing so in a timely and responsive manner, or at all. As a result, it is difficult to forecast our future revenues and plan our operating expenses appropriately, which
also makes it difficult to predict our future operating results. 
 We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to generate
positive operating income and cash flows in the future. 
 We have experienced net losses in each year of our existence.
For the year ended December 31, 2011, December 31, 2010, and December 31, 2009, we incurred net losses of $52.6 million $18.6 million, and $22.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2011, we had an accumulated deficit
of $464.2 million. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses for research and development, sales and marketing,
customer support and general and administrative functions as we expand our operations. Given our rapid growth rate and the intense competitive pressures we face, we may be unable to control our operating costs. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will achieve profitability in the future. Our revenue growth trends in prior periods may not be sustainable.
In addition, we will have to generate and sustain significantly increased revenue, while continuing to control our expenses, in order to achieve and then maintain profitability. We may also incur significant losses in the future for a number of
reasons, including the risks discussed in this “Risk Factors” section and factors that we cannot anticipate. If we are unable to generate positive operating income and cash flow from operations, our liquidity, results of operations and
financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 Fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results may make it difficult to
predict our future performance, which could cause our operating results to fall below investor or analyst expectations, which could adversely affect the trading price of our stock. 
 A number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, may cause or contribute to significant fluctuations in our quarterly and
annual operating results. These fluctuations may make financial planning and forecasting difficult. Comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of
our future performance. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, or below any guidance we may provide to the market, the price of our common stock would likely decline. Moreover, we may
experience delays in recognizing revenue under applicable revenue recognition rules, particularly from government-funded contracts, such as those funded by RUS. The extent of these delays and their impact on our revenues can fluctuate over a given
time period depending on the number and size of purchase orders under these contracts during such time period. In addition, unanticipated decreases in our available liquidity due to fluctuating operating results could limit our growth and delay
implementation of our expansion plans. 
 In addition to the other risk factors listed in this “Risk Factors” section,
factors that may contribute to the variability of our operating results include: 
 our ability to predict our revenue and plan our expenses appropriately; 
 the capital spending patterns of CSPs and any decrease or delay in capital spending by CSPs due to economic, regulatory or other reasons; 
 the impact of government-sponsored programs on our customers; 
 intense competition; 
 our ability to develop new products or enhancements that support technological advances and meet changing CSP requirements; 
 our ability to achieve market acceptance of our products and CSPs’ willingness to deploy our new products; 
 the concentration of our customer base; 
 the length and unpredictability of our sales cycles; 
 our focus on CSPs with limited revenue potential; 
 our lack of long-term, committed-volume purchase contracts with our customers; 
 our ability to increase our sales to larger North American as well as international CSPs; 
 our exposure to the credit risks of our customers; 
 fluctuations in our gross margin; 
 the interoperability of our products with CSP networks; 
 our dependence on sole and limited source suppliers; 
 our ability to manage our relationships with our contract manufacturers; 
 our ability to forecast our manufacturing requirements and manage our inventory; 
 our products’ compliance with industry standards; 
 our ability to expand our international operations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and the cost of doing so; 
 the quality of our products, including any undetected hardware errors or bugs in our software; 
 our ability to estimate future warranty obligations due to product failure rates; 
 our ability to obtain necessary third-party technology licenses; 
 any obligation to issue performance bonds to satisfy requirements under RUS contracts; 
 the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel; and 
 our ability to maintain proper and effective internal controls. 
 Our business is dependent on the capital spending patterns of CSPs, and any decrease or delay in capital spending by CSPs, in response to recent economic conditions or otherwise, would reduce our
revenues and harm our business. 
 Demand for our products depends on the magnitude and timing of capital spending by
CSPs as they construct, expand and upgrade their access networks. For the year ended December 31, 2011, CenturyLink, Inc., or CenturyLink, purchased a significant amount of our access systems and software. However, we cannot anticipate the
level of CenturyLink’s purchases in the future. On April 1, 2011, CenturyLink completed their merger with Qwest Communications. This merger could create uncertainty for us as to whether we will continue to be chosen as a preferred network
equipment vendor for the combined organization. In addition, the recent economic downturn has contributed to a slowdown in telecommunications industry spending, including in the specific geographies and markets in which we operate. In response to
reduced consumer spending, challenging capital markets or declining liquidity trends, capital spending for network infrastructure projects of CSPs could be delayed or cancelled. In addition, capital spending is cyclical in our industry and sporadic
among individual CSPs, and can change on short notice. As a result, we may not have visibility into changes in spending behavior until nearly the end of a given quarter. CSP spending on network construction, maintenance, expansion and upgrades is
also affected by seasonality in their purchasing cycles, reductions in their budgets and delays in their purchasing cycles. In addition we believe, the capital expenditures amongst some CSPs have also been adversely affected due to recent fiber
shortages in certain portions of the market. Many factors affecting our results of operations are beyond our control, particularly in the case of large CSP orders and network infrastructure deployments involving multiple vendors and technologies
where the achievement of certain thresholds for acceptance is subject to the readiness and performance of the customer or other providers, and changes in customer requirements or installation plans. Further, CSPs may not pursue infrastructure
upgrades that require our access systems and software. Infrastructure improvements may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors including cost, regulatory obstacles, mergers, lack of consumer demand for advanced communications services and
alternative approaches to service delivery. Reductions in capital expenditures by CSPs may slow our rate of revenue growth. As a consequence, our results for a particular quarter may be difficult to predict, and our prior results are not necessarily
indicative of results likely in future periods. 
 Government-sponsored programs could impact the timing and buying patterns of CSPs, which may cause
fluctuations in our operating results. 
 Many of our customers are Independent Operating Companies, or IOCs, which have
revenues that are particularly dependent upon interstate and intrastate access charges, and federal and state subsidies. The Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, and some states are considering changes to such payments and subsidies, and these
changes could reduce IOC revenues. Furthermore, many IOCs use or expect to use, government-supported loan programs or grants, such as RUS loans and grants and the Broadband Stimulus programs under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009,
or ARRA, to finance capital spending. Changes to these programs could reduce the ability of IOCs to access capital and reduce our revenue opportunities. 
 To the extent that our customers do receive grants or loans under these stimulus programs, our customers may be encouraged to accelerate their network development plans and purchase substantial quantities
of products, from us or other suppliers, while the programs and funding are in place. Customers may thereafter substantially curtail future purchases of products as ARRA funding winds down or because all purchases have been completed. Award grants
under the Broadband Stimulus programs have been issued between December 2009 and September 2010. The timetable for completion of funded projects varies between the two agencies administering the awards. Projects funded under the Broadband
Technology Opportunities Program (BTOP), which is administered by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), must be completed by September 30, 2013. Projects funded under the Broadband Initiatives Program (BIP),
which is administered by the Rural Utilities Service, must be completed by June 30, 2015. 
 We have experienced continued
delays in purchasing commitments from our customers who have been awarded Broadband Stimulus funds, which have negatively impacted our operating results and additional delays could continue to adversely impact our operating results. In addition the
revenue recognition guidelines related to the sales of our access systems to CSPs who have received Broadband Stimulus funds may create uncertainties around the timing of our revenue, which could harm our financial results. In addition, any changes
in government regulations and subsidies could cause our customers to change their purchasing decisions which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 We face intense competition that could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our financial results. 
 The market for our products is highly competitive, and we expect competition from both established and new companies to increase. Our competitors include companies such as ADTRAN, Inc., Alcatel- Lucent
S.A., Ciena Corporation, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., LM Ericsson Telephone Company, or Ericsson, Tellabs, Inc., ZTE Corporation. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: 
 the successful development of new products; 
 our ability to anticipate CSP and market requirements and changes in technology and industry standards; 
 our ability to differentiate our products from our competitors’ offerings based on performance, cost-effectiveness or other factors; 
 our ability to gain customer acceptance of our products; and 
 our ability to market and sell our products. 
 The market for broadband access equipment is dominated primarily by large, established vendors. In addition, some of our competitors have merged, made acquisitions or entered into partnerships or other
strategic relationships with one another to offer more comprehensive solutions than they individually had offered. Examples include Ericsson’s acquisitions of Redback Networks Inc. in January 2007 and Entrisphere Inc. in February 2007, Ciena
Corporation’s acquisition of World Wide Packets, Inc. in 2008 and Nortel’s Metro Ethernet Networks business in March 2010, Enablence Technologies, Inc.’s acquisition of Teledata Networks, Ltd. in June 2010 our acquisition of Occam in
February 2011, and Adtran’s proposed acquisition of Nokia Siemen’s broadband access line business expected, to close in April 2012. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in
an evolving industry. Many of our current or potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we do and
are better positioned to acquire and offer complementary products and services technologies. Many of our competitors have broader product lines and can offer bundled solutions, which may appeal to certain customers. Our competitors may invest
additional resources in developing more compelling product offerings. Potential customers may also prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new supplier, regardless of product performance or features, because the products that
we and our competitors offer require a substantial investment of time and funds to install. In addition, as a result of these transition costs, competition to secure contracts with potential customers is particularly intense. Some of our competitors
may offer substantial discounts or rebates to win new customers. If we are forced to reduce prices in order to secure customers, we may be unable to sustain gross margins at desired levels or achieve profitability. Competitive pressures could result
in increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and failure to increase, or the loss of, market share, any of which could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Product development is costly and if we fail to develop new products or enhancements that meet
changing CSP requirements, we could experience lower sales. 
 Our market is characterized by rapid technological
advances, frequent new product introductions, evolving industry standards and unanticipated changes in subscriber requirements. Our future success will depend significantly on our ability to anticipate and adapt to such changes, and to offer, on a
timely and cost-effective basis, products and features that meet changing CSP demands and industry standards. 
 We intend to
continue making significant investments in developing new products and enhancing the functionality of our existing products. Developing our products is expensive, complex and involves uncertainties. We may not have sufficient resources to
successfully manage lengthy product development cycles. For the years ended December 31, 2011 2010 and 2009, our research and development expenses were $67.7 million, or 20% of our revenue, $55.4 million, or 19% of our revenue and $46.1 million
or 20% of our revenue, respectively. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. These investments may take several years to generate
positive returns, if ever. In addition, we may experience design, manufacturing, marketing and other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or marketing of new products and enhancements. If we fail to meet our
development targets, demand for our products will decline. 
 In addition, the introduction of new or enhanced products also
requires that we manage the transition from older products to these new or enhanced products in order to minimize disruption in customer ordering patterns, fulfill ongoing customer commitments and ensure that adequate supplies of new products are
available for delivery to meet anticipated customer demand. If we fail to maintain compatibility with other software or equipment found in our customers’ existing and planned networks, we may face substantially reduced demand for our products,
which would reduce our revenue opportunities and market share. Moreover, as customers complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels of service and support than we have provided in the past. We may not be able to provide
products, services and support to compete effectively for these market opportunities. If we are unable to anticipate and develop new products or enhancements to our existing products on a timely and cost-effective basis, we could experience lower
sales which would harm our business. 
 Our new products are early in their life cycles and are subject to uncertain market demand. If our
customers are unwilling to install our products or deploy new services or we are unable to achieve market acceptance of our new products, our business and financial results will be harmed. 
 Our new products are early in their life cycles and are subject to uncertain market demand. They also may face obstacles in
manufacturing, deployment and competitive response. Potential customers may choose not to invest the additional capital required for initial system deployment. In addition, demand for our products is dependent on the success of our customers in
deploying and selling services to their subscribers. Our products support a variety of advanced broadband services, such as high-speed Internet, Internet protocol television, mobile broadband, high-definition video and online gaming, and basic voice
and data services. If subscriber demand for such services does not grow as expected or declines, or if our customers are unable or unwilling to deploy and market these services, demand for our products may decrease or fail to grow at rates we
anticipate. 
 Our customer base is concentrated, and there are a limited number of potential customers for our products. The loss of any
of our key customers, a decrease in purchases by our key customers or our inability to grow our customer base would adversely impact our revenues. 
 Historically, a large portion of our sales have been to a limited number of customers. For example, for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, CenturyLink accounted for 20%, 29% and 38%,
respectively, of our revenue. 
 We anticipate that a large portion of our revenues will continue to depend on sales to a
limited number of customers. In addition, some larger customers may demand discounts and rebates or desire to purchase their access systems and software from multiple providers. As a result of these factors, our future revenue opportunities may be
limited and our margins could be reduced, and our profitability may be adversely impacted. The loss of, or reduction in, orders from any key customer would significantly reduce our revenues and harm our business. 
 Furthermore, in recent years, the CSP market has undergone substantial consolidation. Industry consolidation generally has negative
implications for equipment suppliers, including a reduction in the number of potential customers, a decrease in aggregate capital spending, and greater pricing leverage on the part of CSPs over equipment suppliers. Continued consolidation of the CSP 
 industry, including the merger between CenturyLink and Qwest Communications, that closed in April 2011, and among the Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier, or ILEC, and IOC customers, who represent a
large part of our business, could make it more difficult for us to grow our customer base, increase sales of our products and maintain adequate gross margins. 
 Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from quarter
to quarter, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 
 The timing of our revenues is difficult
to predict. Our sales efforts often involve educating CSPs about the use and benefits of our products. CSPs typically undertake a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our products but also those of our competitors and
results in a lengthy sales cycle. We spend substantial time, effort and money in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. In addition, product purchases are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple
approvals and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays. If sales expected from a specific customer for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all we may not achieve our revenue forecasts and our business could be
harmed. 
 Our focus on CSPs with relatively small networks limits our revenues from sales to any one customer and makes our future
operating results difficult to predict. 
 We currently focus a large portion of our sales efforts on IOCs, cable
multiple system operators and selected international CSPs. In general, our current and potential customers generally operate small networks with limited capital expenditure budgets. Accordingly, we believe the potential revenues from the sale of our
products to any one of these customers is limited. As a result, we must identify and sell products to new customers each quarter to continue to increase our sales. In addition, the spending patterns of many of our customers are characterized by
small and sporadic purchases. As a consequence, we have limited backlog and will likely continue to have limited visibility into future operating results. 
 We do not have long-term, committed-volume purchase contracts with our customers, and therefore have no guarantee of future revenue from any customer. 
 Our sales are made predominantly pursuant to purchase orders, and typically we have not entered into long-term, committed-volume purchase
contracts with our customers, including our key customers which account for a material portion of our revenues. As a result, any of our customers may cease to purchase our products at any time. In addition, our customers may attempt to renegotiate
the terms of our agreements, including price and quantity. If any of our key customers stop purchasing our access systems and software for any reason, our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 Our efforts to increase our sales to larger North American as well as international CSPs, including MSOs, may be unsuccessful. 
 Our sales and marketing efforts have been focused on CSPs, including MSOs, in North America. A part of our long-term strategy is to
increase sales to larger North American as well as international CSPs, including MSOs. We will be required to devote substantial technical, marketing and sales resources to the pursuit of these CSPs, who have lengthy equipment qualification and
sales cycles, without any assurance of generating sales. In particular, sales to these CSPs may require us to upgrade our products to meet more stringent performance criteria, develop new customer-specific features or adapt our product to meet
international standards. If we are unable to successfully increase our sales to larger CSPs, our operating results and long-term growth may be negatively impacted. 
 Our exposure to the credit risks of our customers may make it difficult to collect accounts receivable and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 In the course of our sales to customers, we may encounter difficulty collecting accounts receivable and could be exposed to risks
associated with uncollectible accounts receivable. In addition, we are limited in our ability to evaluate the creditworthiness of customers who decline to provide us with accurate financial information. The recent challenging economic conditions
have impacted some of our customers’ ability to pay their accounts payable. While we attempt to monitor these situations carefully and attempt to take appropriate measures to collect accounts receivable balances, we have written down accounts
receivable and written off doubtful accounts in prior periods and may be unable to avoid accounts receivable write-downs or write-offs of doubtful accounts in the future. Such write-downs or write-offs could negatively affect our operating results
for the period in which they occur, and could harm our operating results. 
 Our gross margin may fluctuate over time and our current level of product gross margins may not be
sustainable. 
 Our current level of product gross margins may not be sustainable and may be adversely affected by
numerous factors, including: 
 changes in customer, geographic or product mix, including the mix of configurations within each product group; 
 increased price competition, including the impact of customer discounts and rebates; 
 our ability to reduce and control product costs; 
 loss of cost savings due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding periods if parts ordering does not correctly
anticipate product demand; 
 introduction of new products; 
 changes in shipment volume; 
 changes in distribution channels; 
 increased warranty costs; 
 excess and obsolete inventory and inventory holding charges; 
 expediting costs incurred to meet customer delivery requirements; and 
 liquidated damages relating to customer contractual terms. 
 Our products must interoperate with many software applications and hardware products found in our customers’ networks. If we are unable to ensure that our products interoperate properly, our
business would be harmed. 
 Our products must interoperate with our customers’ existing and planned networks,
which often have varied and complex specifications, utilize multiple protocol standards, software applications and products from multiple vendors and contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time. As a result, we must
continually ensure that our products interoperate properly with these existing and planned networks. To meet these requirements, we must undertake development efforts that require substantial capital investment and employee resources. We may not
accomplish these development efforts quickly or cost-effectively, if at all. If we fail to maintain compatibility with other software or equipment found in our customers’ existing and planned networks, we may face substantially reduced demand
for our products, which would reduce our revenue opportunities and market share. 
 We have entered into interoperability
arrangements with a number of equipment and software vendors for the use or integration of their technology with our products. These arrangements give us access to, and enable interoperability with, various products that we do not otherwise offer.
If these relationships fail, we may have to devote substantially more resources to the development of alternative products and processes, and our efforts may not be as effective as the combined solutions under our current arrangements. In some
cases, these other vendors are either companies that we compete with directly, or companies that have extensive relationships with our existing and potential customers and may have influence over the purchasing decisions of those customers. Some of
our competitors have stronger relationships with some of our existing and potential other vendors and, as a result, our ability to have successful interoperability arrangements with these companies may be harmed. Our failure to establish or maintain
key relationships with third-party equipment and software vendors may harm our ability to successfully sell and market our products. 
 As
we do not have manufacturing capabilities, we depend upon a small number of outside contract manufacturers and we do not have supply contracts with these manufacturers. Our operations could be disrupted if we encounter problems with these contract
manufacturers. 
 We do not have internal manufacturing capabilities, and rely upon a small number of contract
manufacturers to build our products. In particular, we rely on Flextronics International Ltd., or Flextronics, for the manufacture of most of our products, and AsteelFlash Group for the manufacture of our B6 ESAN products. Our reliance on a small
number of contract manufacturers makes us vulnerable to possible capacity constraints and reduced control over component availability, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs. We do not have supply contracts with Flextronics or our other
manufacturers. Consequently, these manufacturers are not obligated to supply products to us for any specific period, in any specific quantity or at any certain price. In addition, we have limited control over our contract manufacturers’ quality
systems and controls, and therefore may not be able to ensure levels of quality manufacture suitable for our customers. 
 The
revenues that Flextronics generates from our orders represent a relatively small percentage of Flextronics’ overall revenues. As a result, fulfilling our orders may not be considered a priority in the event Flextronics is constrained in its
ability to fulfill all of its customer obligations in a timely manner. In addition, a substantial part of our manufacturing is done in Flextronics facilities which are located outside of the United States. We believe that the location of these
facilities outside of the United States increases supply risk, 
 including the risk of supply interruptions or reductions in manufacturing quality or controls. If Flextronics or any of our other contract manufacturers were unable or unwilling to continue
manufacturing our products in required volumes and at high quality levels, we would have to identify, qualify and select acceptable alternative contract manufacturers. An alternative contract manufacturer may not be available to us when needed or
may not be in a position to satisfy our production requirements at commercially reasonable prices and quality. Any significant interruption in manufacturing would require us to reduce our supply of products to our customers, which in turn would
reduce our revenues and harm our relationships with our customers. 
 We depend on sole source and limited source suppliers for key
components and products. If we are unable to source these components on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver our products to our customers. 
 We depend on sole source and limited source suppliers for key components of our products. For example, certain of our application-specific integrated circuits processors and resistor networks are
purchased from sole source suppliers. We may from time to time enter into original equipment manufacturer, or OEM, or original design manufacturer, or ODM, agreements to manufacture and/or design certain products in order to enable us to offer
products into key markets on an accelerated basis. For example, a third party assisted in the design and manufacture of our E5-100 platform family. Any of the sole source and limited source suppliers, OEMs and ODMs upon whom we rely could stop
producing our components or products, cease operations or be acquired by, or enter into exclusive arrangements with, our competitors. We generally purchase our products through purchase orders and our purchase volumes are currently too low for us to
be considered a priority customer by most of our suppliers. As a result, most of these suppliers could stop selling to us at commercially reasonable prices, or at all. Any such interruption or delay may force us to seek similar components or
products from alternative sources, which may not be available. Switching suppliers, OEMs or ODMs may require that we redesign our products to accommodate new components, and may potentially require us to re-qualify our products with our customers,
which would be costly and time-consuming. Any interruption in the supply of sole source or limited source components for our products would adversely affect our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our customers, could result in lost
revenue or higher expenses and would harm our business. 
 Although we do not have manufacturing facilities in Japan, a small
number of Japanese factories produce some of the components we use in our products and other components that our customers use that are required to be secured as a precursor to buying our products. A few of these manufacturers have reported
disruptions in to their production because of damage to their facilities as a result of the natural disasters in March 2011 and their aftermath in Japan. Although most of these factories are back on line, such interruptions or delays may force us or
our customers to seek similar components from alternative sources, which may not be available at favorable prices, or at all. Interruptions in supply resulting from such unforeseen natural disasters could result in lost revenue or higher expenses
and would harm our business. 
 If we fail to forecast our manufacturing requirements accurately and manage our inventory with our
contract manufacturers, we could incur additional costs, experience manufacturing delays and lose revenue. 
 We bear
inventory risk under our contract manufacturing arrangements. Lead times for the materials and components that we order through our contract manufacturers vary significantly and depend on numerous factors, including the specific supplier, contract
terms and market demand for a component at a given time. Lead times for certain key materials and components incorporated into our products are currently lengthy, requiring us or our contract manufacturers to order materials and components several
months in advance of manufacture. If we overestimate our production requirements, we or our contract manufacturers may purchase excess components and build excess inventory. If our contract manufacturers, at our request, purchase excess components
that are unique to our products or build excess products, we could be required to pay for these excess parts or products and recognize related inventory write-down costs. Historically, we have reimbursed our primary contract manufacturer for a
portion of inventory purchases when our inventory has been rendered obsolete, for example due to manufacturing and engineering change orders resulting from design changes manufacturing discontinuation of parts by our suppliers, or in cases where
inventory levels greatly exceed projected demand. If we experience inventory write-downs associated with excess or obsolete inventory, this would have an adverse effect on our gross margins, financial condition and results of operations. We have
experienced unanticipated increases in demand from customers which resulted in delayed shipments and variable shipping patterns. If we underestimate our product requirements, our contract manufacturers may have inadequate component inventory, which
could interrupt manufacturing of our products and result in delays or cancellation of sales. 
 If we fail to comply with evolving
industry standards, sales of our existing and future products would be adversely affected. 
 The markets for our
products are characterized by a significant number of standards, both domestic and international, which are evolving as new technologies are deployed. Our products must comply with these standards in order to be widely marketable. In some cases, we
are compelled to obtain certifications or authorizations before our products can be introduced, marketed or sold in new markets or to customers which we have not historically served. For example, our ability to obtain OSMINE certification for our
products will affect our ongoing ability to sell our products to CenturyLink and other Tier 1 CSPs. In addition, our ability to expand our international operations and create international market demand for our products may be limited by regulations
or standards 
 adopted by other countries that may require us to redesign our existing products or develop new products suitable for sale in those countries. Although we believe our products are currently in
compliance with domestic and international standards and regulations in countries in which we currently sell, we may not be able to design our products to comply with evolving standards and regulations in the future. Accordingly, this ongoing
evolution of standards may directly affect our ability to market or sell our products. Further, the cost of complying with the evolving standards and regulations, or the failure to obtain timely domestic or foreign regulatory approvals or
certification such that we may not be able to sell our products where these standards or regulations apply, would result in lower revenues and lost market share. 
 We may be unable to successfully expand our international operations. In addition, we may be subject to a variety of risks that could harm our business. 
 We currently generate most of our sales from customers in North America, Canada and the Caribbean, and have limited experience marketing,
selling and supporting our products and services outside North America, Canada and the Caribbean or managing the administrative aspects of a worldwide operation. While we are in the process of expanding our international operations, we may not be
able to create or maintain international market demand for our products. In addition, as we expand our operations internationally, our support organization will face additional challenges including those associated with delivering support, training
and documentation in languages other than English. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of
operations will suffer. 
 In the course of expanding our international operations and operating overseas, we will be subject to
a variety of risks, including: 
 differing regulatory requirements, including tax laws, trade laws, labor regulations, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties or other trade
restrictions; 
 greater difficulty supporting and localizing our products; 
 different or unique competitive pressures as a result of, among other things, the presence of local equipment suppliers; 
 challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement
appropriate systems, policies, compensation and benefits and compliance programs; 
 limited or unfavorable intellectual property protection; 
 risk of change in international political or economic conditions; and 
 restrictions on the repatriation of earnings. 
 We may have difficulty managing our growth, which could limit our ability to increase sales. 
 We have experienced significant growth in sales and operations in recent years. We expect to continue to expand our research and development, sales, marketing and support activities. Our historical growth
has placed, and planned future growth is expected to continue to place, significant demands on our management, as well as our financial and operational resources, to: 
 manage a larger organization; 
 expand our manufacturing and distribution capacity; 
 increase our sales and marketing efforts; 
 broaden our customer support capabilities; 
 implement appropriate operational and financial systems; and 
 maintain effective financial disclosure controls and procedures. 
 If we cannot grow, or fail to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to execute our business strategies and our business,
financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property,
which could impair our ability to compete effectively. 
 We depend on certain proprietary technology for our success
and ability to compete. As of December 31, 2011, we held 61 U.S. patents and had 39 pending U.S. patent applications. Two of the U.S. patents are also covered by granted international patents, one in five countries and the other in three
countries. We currently have no pending international patent applications. We rely on intellectual property laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements and confidentiality provisions, to establish and protect our proprietary
rights. U.S. patent, copyright and trade secret laws afford us only limited protection, and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent. Our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents,
and our 
 issued patents may not be enforceable. Any infringement of our proprietary rights could result in significant litigation costs. Further, any failure by us to adequately protect our proprietary
rights could result in our competitors offering similar products, resulting in the loss of our competitive advantage and decreased sales. 
 Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, attempts may be made to copy or reverse engineer aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly,
we may be unable to protect our proprietary rights against unauthorized third-party copying or use. Furthermore, policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property would be difficult for us. Litigation may be necessary in the future to
enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business. 
 We could become subject to litigation regarding intellectual property rights that could harm our business. 
 We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims that are costly to defend and could limit our ability to use some
technologies in the future. Third parties may assert patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights to technologies or rights that are important to our business. Such claims may involve patent holding companies or other adverse
patent owners who have no relevant product revenue, and therefore our own issued and pending patents may provide little or no deterrence. We have received in the past and expect that in the future we may receive, particularly as a public company,
communications from competitors and other companies alleging that we may be infringing their patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights and/or offering licenses to such intellectual property or threatening litigation. In addition,
we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to indemnify our customers for any expenses or liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of patents, trademarks or copyrights of third parties. Any claims asserting that our products infringe, or
may infringe on, the proprietary rights of third parties, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, resulting in costly litigation and diverting the efforts of our engineering teams and management. These claims could also result in product
shipment delays or require us to modify our products or enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 The quality of our support and services offerings is important to our customers, and if we fail to continue to offer high quality support and
services we could lose customers which would harm our business. 
 Once our products are deployed within our
customers’ networks, they depend on our support organization to resolve any issues relating to those products. A high level of support is critical for the successful marketing and sale of our products. If we do not effectively assist our
customers in deploying our products, succeed in helping them quickly resolve post-deployment issues or provide effective ongoing support, it could adversely affect our ability to sell our products to existing customers and harm our reputation with
potential new customers. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality support and services could result in the loss of customers which would harm our business. 
 Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected hardware errors or software bugs, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 Our products are highly technical and, when deployed, are critical to the operation of many networks. Our products have contained and may
contain undetected errors, bugs or security vulnerabilities. Some errors in our products may only be discovered after a product has been installed and used by customers, and may in some cases only be detected under certain circumstances or after
extended use. Any errors, bugs, defects or security vulnerabilities discovered in our products after commercial release could result in loss of revenues or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customer goodwill and customers and increased service
and warranty cost, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we could face claims for product liability, tort or breach of warranty. Our contracts with customers contain provisions
relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, which may not be upheld. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management’s attention and adversely affect the market’s perception of us and our
products. In addition, if our business liability insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 Our estimates regarding future warranty obligations may change due to product failure rates, shipment volumes, field service obligations and rework
costs incurred in correcting product failures. If our estimates change, the liability for warranty obligations may be increased, impacting future cost of revenue. 
 Our products are highly complex, and our product development, manufacturing and integration testing may not be adequate to detect all defects, errors, failures and quality issues. Quality or performance
problems for products covered under warranty could adversely impact our reputation and negatively affect our operating results and financial position. The development and production of new products with high complexity often involves problems with
software, components and manufacturing methods. If significant warranty obligations arise due to reliability or quality issues arising from defects in software, faulty components or manufacturing methods, our operating results and financial position
could be negatively impacted by: 
 cost associated with fixing software or hardware defects; 
 high service and warranty expenses; 
 high inventory obsolescence expense; 
 delays in collecting accounts receivable; 
 payment of liquidated damages for performance failures; and 
 declining sales to existing customers. 
 Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our products. 
 We incorporate open source software into our products. Although we closely monitor our use of open source software, the terms of many open source software licenses have not been interpreted by the courts,
and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to sell our products. In such event, we could be required to make our proprietary software generally
available to third parties, including competitors, at no cost, to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot
be accomplished on a timely basis or at all, any of which could adversely affect our revenues and operating expenses. 
 If we are unable
to obtain necessary third-party technology licenses, our ability to develop new products or product enhancements may be impaired. 
 While our current licenses of third-party technology relate to commercially available off-the-shelf technology, we may in the future be required to license additional technology from third parties to
develop new products or product enhancements. These third-party licenses may be unavailable to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain necessary third-party licenses may force us to obtain substitute technology of
lower quality or performance standards or at greater cost, any of which could harm the competitiveness of our products and result in lost revenues. 
 We may pursue acquisitions, which involve a number of risks. If we are unable to address and resolve these risks successfully, such acquisitions could disrupt our business. 
 On February 22, 2011, we acquired Occam, which is discussed further in Note 2 “Acquisition of Occam Networks” in the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. We may in the future acquire other businesses, products or technologies to expand our product offerings and capabilities, customer base and business. We have evaluated, and expect to
continue to evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic transactions. We have limited experience making such acquisitions. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. The anticipated benefit of
acquisitions may never materialize. In addition, the process of integrating acquired businesses, products or technologies may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Some of the areas where we may face acquisition-related risks
include: 
 diversion of management time and potential business disruptions; 
 expenses, distractions and potential claims resulting from acquisitions, whether or not they are completed; 
 retaining and integrating employees from any businesses we may acquire; 
 issuance of dilutive equity securities or incurrence of debt; 
 integrating various accounting, management, information, human resource and other systems to permit effective management; 
 incurring possible write-offs, impairment charges, contingent liabilities, amortization expense or write-offs of goodwill; 
 difficulties integrating and supporting acquired products or technologies; 
 unexpected capital expenditure requirements; 
 insufficient revenues to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisition; 
 opportunity costs associated with committing capital to such acquisitions; and 
 acquisition-related litigation. 
 Foreign acquisitions would involve risks in addition to those mentioned above, including
those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. We may not be able to address these risks
successfully, or at all, without incurring significant costs, delays or other operating problems. Our inability to address successfully such risks could disrupt our business. 
 Our obligation to issue performance bonds to satisfy requirements under RUS and ARRA-related contracts may negatively impact our working capital and financial condition. 
 We are sometimes required to issue performance bonds to satisfy requirements under our RUS contracts, and expect that we may also be
required to issue such bonds under the terms of contracts required by Broadband Stimulus programs under ARRA. The performance bonds generally cover the full amount of the RUS contract, and may be the same for ARRA contracts. Upon our performance
under the contract and acceptance by the customer, the performance bond is released. The time period between issuing the performance bond and its release can be lengthy. We issue letters of credit under our existing credit facility to support these
performance bonds. In the event we do not have sufficient capacity under our credit facility to support these bonds, we will have to provide certificates of deposit or other security, which could materially impact our working capital or limit our
ability to satisfy such contract requirements. In the event that we are unable to issue such bonds, we may lose business and customers who purchase under RUS and ARRA contracts. In addition, if we exhaust our credit facility or working capital
reserves in issuing such bonds, we may be required to eliminate or curtail expenditures to mitigate the impact on our working capital or financial condition. 
 Our use of and reliance upon development resources in China may expose us to unanticipated costs or liabilities. 
 We operate a wholly foreign owned enterprise, in Nanjing, China, where a dedicated team of engineers performs quality assurance, cost reduction and other engineering work. We also outsource a portion of
our software development to a team of software engineers based in Shenyang, China. Our reliance upon development resources in China may not enable us to achieve meaningful product cost reductions or greater resource efficiency. Further, our
development efforts and other operations in China involve significant risks, including: 
 difficulty hiring and retaining appropriate engineering resources due to intense competition for such resources and resulting wage inflation; 
 the knowledge transfer related to our technology and exposure to misappropriation of intellectual property or confidential information, including
information that is proprietary to us, our customers and third parties; 
 heightened exposure to changes in the economic, security and political conditions of China; 
 fluctuation in currency exchange rates and tax risks associated with international operations; and 
 development efforts that do not meet our requirements because of language, cultural or other differences associated with international operations,
resulting in errors or delays. 
 Difficulties resulting from the factors above and other risks related to our
operations in China could expose us to increased expense, impair our development efforts, harm our competitive position and damage our reputation. 
 Our customers are subject to government regulation, and changes in current or future laws or regulations that negatively impact our customers could harm our business. 
 The FCC has jurisdiction over all of our U.S. customers. FCC regulatory policies that create disincentives for investment in access
network infrastructure or impact the competitive environment in which our customers operate may harm our business. For example, future FCC regulation affecting providers of broadband Internet access services could impede the penetration of our
customers into certain markets or affect the prices they may charge in such markets. Furthermore, many of our customers are subject to FCC rate regulation of interstate telecommunications services, and are recipients of federal universal service
fund payments, which are intended to subsidize telecommunications services in areas that are expensive to serve. In early October 2011, the chairman of the FCC outlined a plan to transform the Universal Service Fund, a $8 billion fund that is paid
for by the nation’s telephone customers and used to subsidize basic telephone service in rural areas, into one that will help expand broadband Internet service to 18 million Americans who lack high-speed access. Changes to these programs
could change the ability of IOCs to access capital and reduce our revenue opportunities. In addition, many of our customers are subject to state regulation of intrastate telecommunications services, including rates for such services, and may also
receive funding from state universal service funds. Changes in rate regulations or universal service funding rules, either at the federal or state level, could adversely affect our customers’ revenues and capital spending plans. In addition,
various international regulatory bodies have jurisdiction over certain of our non-U.S. customers. Changes in these domestic and international standards, laws and regulations, or judgments in favor of plaintiffs in lawsuits against CSPs based on
changed standards, laws and regulations could adversely affect the development of broadband networks and services. This, in turn, could directly or indirectly adversely impact the communications industry in which our customers operate. To the extent
our customers are adversely affected by laws or regulations regarding their business, products or service offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations would suffer. 
 We engage some resellers to promote, sell, install and support our products to some customers in North
America, and internationally. Their failure to do so or our inability to recruit or retain resellers may reduce our sales and thus harm our business. 
 We engage some value added resellers, or VARs, who provide sales and support services for our products. We compete with other telecommunications systems providers for our VARs’ business as many of
our VARs market competing products. If a VAR promotes a competitor’s products to the detriment of our products or otherwise fails to market our products and services effectively, we could lose market share. In addition, the loss of a key VAR or
the failure of VARs to provide adequate customer service could have a negative effect on customer satisfaction and could cause harm to our business. If we do not properly train our VARs to sell, install and service our products, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our use of VARs and other third party support partners, and the associated risks, are likely to increase as we expand sales outside of North America. 
 We may be subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in additional
international markets. 
 Our products may be or become subject to U.S. export controls that will restrict our ability
to export them outside of the free-trade zones covered by the North American Free Trade Agreement, Central American Free Trade Agreement and other treaties and laws. Therefore, future international shipments of our products may require export
licenses or export license exceptions. In addition, the import laws of other countries may limit our ability to distribute our products, or our customers’ ability to buy and use our products, in those countries. Changes in our products or
changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our products or, in some cases, prevent the export or import
of our products to certain countries altogether. Any change in export or import regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted
by such regulations, could negatively impact our ability to sell our products to existing or potential international customers. 
 If we
lose any of our key personnel, or are unable to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, our ability to manage our business and continue our growth would be negatively impacted. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our key management, engineering, sales and marketing personnel,
many of whom are highly skilled and would be difficult to replace. None of our senior management or key technical or sales personnel is bound by a written employment contract to remain with us for a specified period. In addition, we do not currently
maintain key man life insurance covering our key personnel. If we lose the services of any key personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 Competition for skilled personnel, particularly those specializing in engineering and sales, is intense. We cannot be certain that we
will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, or that newly hired personnel will function effectively, both individually and as a group. In particular, we must continue to expand our direct sales force, including hiring
additional sales managers, to grow our customer base and increase sales. In addition, if we offer employment to personnel employed by competitors, we may become subject to claims of unfair hiring practices, and incur substantial costs in defending
ourselves against these claims, regardless of their merits. If we are unable to effectively recruit, hire and utilize new employees, execution of our business strategy and our ability to react to changing market conditions may be impeded, and our
business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 Volatility or lack of performance in our stock price may
also affect our ability to attract and retain our key personnel. Our executive officers and employees hold a substantial number of shares of our common stock and vested stock options. Employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own
or the shares underlying their vested options have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares or the exercise prices of the options, or if the exercise prices of the options that they hold are
significantly above the market price of our common stock. If we are unable to retain our employees, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate
financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired, which would adversely affect our operating results, our ability to operate our business and our stock price. 
 Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that
needs to be re-evaluated frequently. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that need improvement. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our management does not expect that our internal
control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our
company will have been detected. 
 We have complied with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with this Annual Report on
this Form 10-K. We have expended significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act. We cannot be certain that the actions we have taken and are taking to
improve our internal controls over financial reporting will be sufficient to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in subsequent reporting periods, or that we will be able to implement our planned processes and procedures in
a timely manner. In addition, new and revised accounting standards and financial reporting requirements may occur in the future, and implementing changes required by new standards, requirements or laws may require a significant expenditure of our
management’s time, attention and resources and may adversely affect our reported financial results. If we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and make it more difficult for us to finance our operations and growth. 
 Interruptions, failures or material breaches in our information technology and communications systems could harm our business, customer relations and financial condition. 
 Information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency and accurately
produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of
customers, business disruptions or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. If our data management systems do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether
due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such
impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. 
 We require user names and passwords in order to access our information technology systems. We also use encryption and authentication
technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. These security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularity, and result in
persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. Third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees into disclosing user names, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information
technology systems. 
 While we devote significant resources to network security, data encryption and other security measures to
protect our information technology and communications systems and data, these security measures cannot provide absolute security. We may experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data. The costs to us to eliminate or
alleviate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in unexpected interruptions,
delays, cessation of service and may harm our business operations. 
 We incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a
public company, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 As a public company, we
incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with our public company reporting requirements. We also anticipate that we will continue to incur costs associated with
corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as rules implemented by the Securities Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the 
 New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE. Furthermore, these laws and regulations could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer
liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 New laws and
regulations as well as changes to existing laws and regulations affecting public companies, including the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and rules adopted by the SEC and the
NYSE, would likely result in increased costs to us as we respond to their requirements. We are investing resources to comply with evolving laws and regulations, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expense and a
diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 
 Risks Related to Our
Merger Transaction with Occam 
 Future results of the combined organization may differ materially from the unaudited pro forma
combined financial statements presented in the proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 15, 2010, as amended from time to time, and the financial forecasts provided to our and Occam’s financial advisors in connection with discussions
concerning the merger transaction and the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized. 
 The future results of
the combined organization may be materially different from those shown in the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements presented in the proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 15, 2010, as amended from time to time, which show
only a combination of our and Occam’s historical results and the financial forecasts provided to our and Occam’s financial advisors in connection with discussions concerning the merger transaction. We have incurred, significant costs
associated with the merger of the two companies. In addition, potential growth, expected financial results, perceived synergies and anticipated opportunities may not be realized through the ongoing integration of our and Occam’s businesses. 
 The merger transaction could cause disruptions and materially adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined
organization. 
 In connection with the merger, it is possible that some customers, suppliers and other persons with
whom we or Occam have had a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions, or determine to purchase a competitor’s products. In particular, customers could be reluctant to purchase products due to uncertainty about the
direction of our combined technology and product road map, and uncertainty regarding the willingness of the combined organization to support and service existing products after the merger. If customers, suppliers or other persons, delay or defer
business decisions, or purchase a competitor’s products, it could negatively impact revenues, earnings and cash flows of the combined organization, as well as the market price of our common stock. 
 Four purported class action lawsuits are pending against Occam and its former directors challenging the acquisition of Occam by us, and an
unfavorable judgment or ruling in these lawsuits could result in substantial costs. 
 On September 16, 2010, the
Company, Occam, Ocean Sub I, Inc., and two direct, wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, or the Merger Agreement. In response to the announcement of the Merger Agreement, four
separate purported class action complaints were filed by purported stockholders of Occam against Occam and the former members of its board of directors (and in some cases Calix and its wholly-owned subsidiaries party to the Merger Agreement),
including three complaints in the California Superior Court for Santa Barbara County and one complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery. Each complaint generally alleged that the former members of the Occam board breached their fiduciary duties in
connection with the acquisition of Occam by Calix, by, among other things, engaging in an allegedly unfair process and agreeing to an allegedly unfair price for the merger transaction, and each complaint sought rescission of the merger transaction
as well as other remedies including unspecified damages and costs and fees. The California Superior Court has issued an order staying the three California class actions in favor of the Delaware class action. On January 6, 2012, the Delaware
court found that certain lead plaintiffs, Michael Steinhardt Steinhardt Overseas Management, L.P. and Ilex Partners, , L.L.C., collectively the “Steinhardt Plaintiffs,” had engaged in improper trading of Calix shares and dismissed the
Steinhardt Plaintiffs from the case with prejudice. The remaining lead plaintiffs are expected to continue to seek an award of damages in an unspecified amount. 
 We believe that the allegations in each of the pending actions are without merit and intend to vigorously contest the actions. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our defense.
In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement and Delaware law, we have obligations, under certain circumstances, to hold harmless and indemnify each of the former directors of 
 Occam against judgments, fines, settlements and expenses related to claims against such directors and otherwise to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and Occam’s bylaws and
certificate of incorporation. Such obligations may apply to these lawsuits, and therefore an unfavorable outcome in these lawsuits could result in substantial costs for us, even where we are not named defendants. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile, which means that it could decline substantially within a short period of time and could be subject to wide
fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include those discussed in this “Risk Factors” section of this Form 10-K and others such as: 
 quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; 
 changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, acquisitions or capital commitments; 
 developments with respect to intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 
 our commencement of, or involvement in, litigation; 
 changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals; and 
 a slowdown in the communications industry or the general economy. 
 In recent years, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating
performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This
litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion
regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will
be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If
one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to
entrenchment of management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of
our board of directors; 
 no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the
resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including
preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our
stockholders; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the
board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 
 advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be
acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 We are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law. Under Delaware law, a
corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. 
 We may be unable to raise additional capital to fund our future operations, and any future financings or acquisitions could result in
substantial dilution to existing stockholders. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund operations in the
future. There is no guarantee that we will be able to raise additional equity or debt funding when or if it is required. The terms of any financing, if available, could be unfavorable to us and our stockholders and could result in substantial
dilution to the equity and voting interests of our stockholders. Any failure to obtain financing when and as required could force us to curtail our operations which would harm our business. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, our stockholder’s ability to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of
our common stock. 
 We do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable
future. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Additionally, the terms of our credit facility restrict our ability to pay dividends. Therefore, our stockholders are not likely to receive any dividends on our
common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments.