Risk Factors Relating to the MicroVision Business 
 We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant losses in the future. 
 We have had substantial losses since our inception.  We cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable. 
 As of December 31, 2013, we had an accumulated deficit of $450.7 million. 
 We incurred consolidated net losses of $414.8 million from inception through 2011, $22.7 million in 2012, and $13.2 million in 2013. 
 The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered by companies formed to develop and
commercialize new technologies. In particular, our operations to date have focused primarily on research and development of our technology platform and
development of demonstration units. We are unable to accurately estimate future revenues and operating expenses based upon historical performance. 
 We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining additional development revenue or commercializing our technology or products. In light of these factors,
we expect to continue to incur substantial losses and negative cash flow at least through 2014 and likely thereafter. We cannot be certain that we will achieve
positive cash flow at any time in the future. 
 We will require additional capital to fund our operations and to implement our business plan. If we do not obtain additional capital, we
may be required to curtail our operations substantially. Raising additional capital may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares. 
 Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations through March 2014. We will require
additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time. We plan to obtain additional cash through the issuance of equity or debt securities. 
 We are introducing new technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash
flows. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which original
equipment manufacturers and original device manufacturers introduce products incorporating PicoP display technology and the market acceptance and competitive
position of such products. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of revenues varies from anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts
budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to fund our operations. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic
relationships with suppliers of components, our products and systems and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. 
 Additional capital may not be available to us, or if available, on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising additional capital may involve issuing
securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares. If adequate funds are not
available on a timely basis we may consider limiting our operations substantially to extend out funds as we pursue other financing opportunities and business
relationships. This limitation of operations could include delaying development projects and reductions in staff, operating costs, including research and development,
and capital expenditures.  Reducing operations may jeopardize our ability to achieve our business goals or satisfy our customers. 
 We are dependent on third parties in order to develop, manufacture, sell and market our products. 
 Our strategy for commercializing our technology and products incorporating PicoP® display technology includes entering into development, manufacturing,
sales and marketing arrangements with corporate partners, original equipment manufacturers and other third parties. We cannot be certain that we will be able to
negotiate arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all, or that these arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable products. If we cannot establish
these arrangements, we would require additional capital to undertake such activities on our own and would require extensive manufacturing, sales and marketing
expertise that we do not currently possess and that may be difficult to obtain. In addition, we could encounter significant delays in introducing PicoP display
technology or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating the PicoP display engine would not be feasible. To the extent that we enter
into development, manufacturing, sales and marketing or other joint venture arrangements, our revenues will depend upon the performance of third parties. We
cannot be certain that any such arrangements will be successful. 
 We cannot be certain that our technology platform or products incorporating PicoP® display technology will achieve market acceptance. If products
incorporating PicoP display technology do not achieve market acceptance, our revenues may not grow. 
 Our success will depend in part on customer acceptance of PicoP display technology. PicoP display technology may not be accepted by manufacturers who use
display technologies in their products, by systems integrators who incorporate our products into their products or by end users of these products. To be accepted,
PicoP display technology must meet the expectations of our potential customers in the consumer, automotive, and other markets. If our technology fails to achieve
market acceptance, we may not be able to continue to develop our technology platform. 
 Future products based on our PicoP® display technology are dependent on advances in technology by other companies. 
 Our PicoP display technology will continue to rely on technologies, such as light sources, MEMS and optical components that are developed and produced by
other companies. The commercial success of certain future products based on our technology will depend in part on advances in these and other technologies by
other companies. We may, from time to time, contract with and support companies developing key technologies in order to accelerate the development of them for
our or our customers' specific uses. There are no guarantees that such activities will result in useful technologies or components for us. 
 We are dependent on a small number of customers for our revenue. Our quarterly performance may vary substantially and this variance, as well as general
market conditions, may cause our stock price to fluctuate greatly and potentially expose us to litigation. 
 Since 2010, most of our revenues have been generated from product sales to a limited number of customers and distribution partners. In 2012, one commercial
customer accounted for 61% of our revenue.  In 2013, 86% of our revenue was generated from sales to two commercial companies.  Our quarterly operating results
may vary significantly based on: 
 commercial acceptance of products based on PicoP display technology; 
 changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry generally; 
 announcements by other companies in our industry; 
 changes in business or regulatory conditions; 
 announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; 
 the status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development agreements; 
 economic and stock market conditions; or 
 other factors unrelated to our company or industry. 
 In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and the trading price of our common
stock may decline as a consequence. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, shareholders often have instituted
securities class action litigation against that company. If we become involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely
determined, could require us to pay substantial damages. 
 We or our customers may fail to perform under open orders, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. 
 Our backlog of open orders totaled $2.1 million as of December 31, 2013. We may be unable to meet the performance requirements, including performance
specifications or delivery dates, required by such purchase orders.  Further, our customers may be unable or unwilling to perform their obligations
thereunder on a timely basis or at all if, among other reasons, our products and technologies do not achieve market acceptance, our customers' products and
technologies do not achieve market acceptance or our customers otherwise fail to achieve their operating goals.  To the extent we are unable to
perform under such purchase orders or to the extent customers are unable or unwilling to perform, our operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 It may become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market or maintain our listing on the NASDAQ Global Market. 
 Our common stock is listed for quotation on The NASDAQ Global Market. On December 17, 2013, we received a deficiency notice from NASDAQ advising us
that for 30 consecutive trading days preceding the date of the notice we were not in compliance with the $50,000,000 minimum market value of listed securities
required for continued listing on The NASDAQ Global Market pursuant to NASDAQ's listing requirements.  Market value of listed securities is calculated by
multiplying our daily closing bid price by our total outstanding shares of common stock.  In accordance with NASDAQ's listing rules, we have 180 calendar days, or
until June 16, 2014, to regain compliance with this requirement.  During this initial 180-day compliance period, we can regain compliance if the market value of our
listed securities closes at $50,000,000 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days.  As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the
market value of our listed securities closed at $50,000,000 or more for 10 consecutive business days, though we do not yet have confirmation from NASDAQ as to whether
we have regained compliance with its continued listing requirements. 
 If we are unable to meet NASDAQ'S listing maintenance standards for any reason, our common stock could be delisted from The NASDAQ Global
Market. If our common stock were delisted, we likely would seek to list the common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the American Stock Exchange or on a
regional stock exchange. Listing on such other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity of our common stock. If our common stock were not listed on the
NASDAQ Capital Market or an exchange, trading of our common stock would be conducted in the over-the-counter market on an electronic bulletin board
established for unlisted securities or directly through market makers in our common stock. If our common stock were to trade in the over-the-counter market, an
investor would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the common stock. A delisting from The NASDAQ Global Market
and failure to obtain listing on such other market or exchange would subject our securities to so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice and
market-making requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such securities. Consequently, removal from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to
obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and the ability of
purchasers of our common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market. In addition, when the market price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per
share, we become subject to penny stock rules even if our common stock is still listed on The NASDAQ Global Market. While the penny stock rules should not affect
the quotation of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market, these rules may further limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of investors
to sell our common stock in the secondary market. The market price of our stock has mostly traded below $5.00 per share during 2013 and 2012. On March 3, 2014,
the closing price of our stock was $2.30. 
 Our lack of financial and technical resources relative to our competitors may limit our revenues, potential profits, overall market share or value. 
 Our current products and potential future products will compete with established manufacturers of existing products and companies developing new
technologies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we have. Because of their greater resources, our
competitors may develop products or technologies that are superior to our own. The introduction of superior competing products or technologies could result in
reduced revenues, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which could reduce the value of our business. 
 We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change and our financial results may suffer. 
 The information display industry has been characterized by rapidly changing technology, accelerated product obsolescence and continuously evolving industry
standards. Our success will depend upon our ability to further develop our technology platform and to cost effectively introduce new products and features in a timely
manner to meet evolving customer requirements and compete with competitors' product advances. 
 We may not succeed in these efforts because of: 
 delays in product development; 
 lack of market acceptance for our products; or 
 lack of funds to invest in product development and marketing. 
 The occurrence of any of the above factors could result in decreased revenues, market share and value. 
 We could face lawsuits related to our use of PicoP® display technology or other technologies. Defending these suits would be costly and time
consuming. An adverse outcome in any such matter could limit our ability to commercialize our technology and products, reduce our revenues and increase our
operating expenses. 
 We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain aspects of light scanning displays and image capture products. These patents could
be used as a basis to challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our ability to obtain additional or broader patent rights of our patents or patents we have licensed.
A successful challenge to the validity of our patents or patents we have licensed could limit our ability to commercialize our technology or display engines enabled by
PicoP display technology and, consequently, materially reduce our revenues. Moreover, we cannot be certain that patent holders or other third parties will not claim
infringement by us with respect to current and future technology. Because U.S. patent applications are held and examined in secrecy, it is also possible that
presently pending U.S. applications will eventually be issued with claims that will be infringed by our products or our technology. The defense and prosecution of a
patent suit would be costly and time consuming, even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us. An adverse outcome in the defense of a patent suit could
subject us to significant costs, to require others and us to cease selling products that incorporate PicoP display technology, to cease licensing our technology or to
require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties. Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses. Moreover, if claims of infringement are
asserted against our future co-development partners or customers, those partners or customers may seek indemnification from us for damages or expenses they
incur. 
 If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to successfully offer products and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning and management process.
The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third parties has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management
systems and resources. We will need to continue to improve our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures and will need to continue to
train and manage our work force. 
 Our products may be subject to future health and safety regulations that could increase our development and production costs. 
 Products incorporating PicoP® display technology could become subject to new health and safety regulations that would reduce our ability to commercialize
PicoP display technology. Compliance with any such new regulations would likely increase our cost to develop and produce products using PicoP display technology
and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in the markets we address. 
 In the recent past, general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity,
concerns about inflation, increased energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and adverse business
conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and financial conditions could materially adversely affect (i) our ability to raise, or the cost
of, needed capital, (ii) demand for our current and future products and (iii) our ability to commercialize products. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of
any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, or in the display industry. 
 Because we plan to continue using foreign contract manufacturers, our operating results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other factors in
foreign countries. 
 We currently use foreign manufacturers and plan to continue to use foreign manufacturers to manufacture future products, where appropriate. These
international operations are subject to inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including: 
 political and economic instability; 
 high levels of inflation, historically the case in a number of countries in Asia; 
 burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; 
 foreign taxes; 
 changes in tariff rates or other trade and monetary policies; and 
 changes or volatility in currency exchange rates. 
 Qualifying a new contract manufacturer or foundry for our products could cause us to experience delays that result in lost revenues and damaged customer
relationships. 
 We rely on single suppliers to manufacture our products, including our MEMS chips in wafer form. The lead time required to establish a relationship with a new
contract manufacturer or foundry is long, and it takes time to adapt a product's design to a particular manufacturer's processes. Accordingly, there is no readily
available alternative source of supply for these products and components in high volumes. Changing our source of supply and manufacture could cause significant
delays in shipping products which may result in lost revenues and damaged customer relationships. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to secure significant third-party manufacturing resources. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to provide our components and future products in commercial quantities at competitive prices. Accordingly, we will
be required to obtain access, through business partners or contract manufacturers, to manufacturing capacity and processes for the commercial production of our
expected future products. We cannot be certain that we will successfully obtain access to needed manufacturing resources. Future manufacturing limitations of our
suppliers could result in a limitation on the number of products incorporating our technology that we are able to produce. 
 If our licensors and we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products and technology, we may be unable to compete with
other companies. 
 Intellectual property protection for our products is important and uncertain. If we do not obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products,
processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition. Our commercial success will depend in part on our ability and the ability of our licensors to
maintain the proprietary nature of the PicoP display and other key technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents and effectively maintaining unpatented
technology as trade secrets. We try to protect our proprietary technology by seeking to obtain United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to
third-party patents, related to proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that may be important to the development of our business. However, our patent
position and the patent position of our licensors involve complex legal and factual questions. The standards that the United States Patent and Trademark Office and
its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change. Additionally, the scope of patents are subject to
interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to challenges and defenses, including challenges and defenses based on the existence of prior art.
Consequently, we cannot be certain as to the extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new products and technology or the extent to which the
patents that we already own or license from others protect our products and technology. Reduction in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or owned
patents, or our inability to obtain new patents, may enable other companies to develop products that compete with ours on the basis of the same or similar
technology. 
 We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technology to maintain our competitive position. We try to protect this know-how
and technology by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our employees, contractors and partners with a need to know such information and by entering into
confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to it, such as our employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these parties could breach the
agreements and disclose our trade secrets or confidential information, or our competitors might learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret not
protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be materially harmed. 
 We could be exposed to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly, divert management attention and adversely affect our ability
to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. 
 We may be subject to product liability claims if any of our product applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects. For example, because some
of our PicoP displays are designed to scan a low power beam of colored light into the user's eye, the testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products
involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted against us. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products, regardless of their
outcome, could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation, divert management time and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our
reputation or hinder acceptance of our products. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the
future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against
potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products. 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have long sales cycles, which make it difficult to plan our expenses and forecast our
revenues. 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have lengthy sales cycles that involve numerous steps including determination of a
product application, exploring the technical feasibility of a proposed product, evaluating the costs of manufacturing a product and manufacturing or contracting out
the manufacturing of the product. Our long sales cycle, which can last several years, makes it difficult to predict the quarter in which contract signing and revenue
recognition will occur.  Delays in entering into contracts and collaborative research and development agreements could cause significant variability in our revenues
and operating results for any particular quarterly period. 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements may not lead to any products or products that will be profitable. 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements, including without limitation those discussed in this document, are exploratory in nature
and are intended to develop new types of products for new applications. These efforts may prove unsuccessful and these relationships may not result in the
development of products that will be profitable. 
 If we lose our rights under our third-party technology licenses, our operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends in part on technology rights licensed from third parties. We could lose our exclusivity or other rights to use the technology under our
licenses if we fail to comply with the terms and performance requirements of the licenses. In addition, certain licensors may terminate a license upon our breach and
have the right to consent to sublicense arrangements. If we were to lose our rights under any of these licenses, or if we were unable to obtain required consents to
future sublicenses, we could lose a competitive advantage in the market, and may even lose the ability to commercialize certain products completely. Either of these
results could substantially decrease our revenues. 
 Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. 
 Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on the ability to attract and retain qualified new personnel.  Achievement of our
business objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the areas of sales and marketing, research and product development and manufacturing.
Competition for qualified personnel in these fields is intense, and the inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of key personnel,
could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business.