ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS \n You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks, or by other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, that may adversely affect us in the future. \n If our efforts to retain and grow our digital subscriber base and build consumer revenues are not successful, and if we are unable to maintain and grow our digital audience for advertising sales, our business, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. \n A significant portion of our revenues is from digital subscriptions for content provided on NYTimes.com and other digital platforms. Our future growth depends upon the development and management of our digital businesses, including successfully adding, retaining and engaging digital subscribers. Our ability to retain and grow our digital subscription base and audience for our digital products depends on many factors, including continued market acceptance of our evolving digital pay model, consumer habits, pricing, available alternatives from current and new competitors, delivery of high-quality journalism and content that is interesting and relevant to users, development and improvement of digital products across platforms, an adequate and adaptable digital infrastructure, access to delivery platforms on acceptable terms and other factors. Our digital user or traffic levels may also flatten or decline as a result of, among other factors, the failure to successfully manage changes in search engine optimization and social media traffic. If we are not able to continue to attract, convert and retain digital subscribers in numbers sufficient to grow our business, our revenues may be reduced. Even if we successfully maintain or increase our digital audience, the market position of our brands may not be enough to counteract a significant downward pressure on advertising rates as digital advertising inventory increases across multiple platforms. We may also incur additional expenses for increased marketing and other digital acquisition and retention efforts. \n We have significant competition for advertising, which may adversely affect our advertising revenues and advertising rates. \n Our print and digital products face substantial competition for advertising revenues from a variety of sources, such as newspapers and magazines; television, radio and other forms of media; direct marketing; and, increasingly, advertising-supported digital products that provide news and information, including websites and digital applications, news aggregators and social media sites. This competition has intensified as a result of continued developments of new digital media technologies. While distribution of news and other content over the Internet, including through mobile phones, tablets and other devices, continues to gain popularity, the digital advertising model is still evolving to address these rapid technological changes. In recent years, the advertising industry has experienced a secular shift toward digital advertising, which is significantly less expensive and can offer more directly measurable returns than traditional print media. As media audiences fragment, we expect advertisers to continue to allocate larger portions of their advertising budgets to digital media. Digital advertising networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale are also playing a more significant role in the advertising marketplace and causing downward pricing pressure. Competition from these media and services, many of which charge lower rates than the Company’s properties, as well as increased inventory in the digital marketplace, could adversely affect advertising revenues by impacting our ability to attract and retain advertisers and to maintain or increase our advertising rates. \n Economic weakness and uncertainty globally, in the United States and in key advertising categories have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our advertising revenues. \n Advertising spending, which drives a significant portion of our revenues, is sensitive to economic conditions. Global, national and local economic conditions, particularly in the New York City metropolitan region, affect the levels of our advertising revenues. Our advertising revenues are particularly adversely affected if advertisers respond to weak and uneven economic conditions by reducing their budgets or shifting spending patterns or priorities, or if they are forced to consolidate or cease operations. Continuing soft economic conditions and an uneven recovery would adversely affect our level of advertising revenues and our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n P. 6 – THE  NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY \n Decreases in print circulation volume adversely affect our circulation and advertising revenues. \n Print advertising and circulation revenues are affected by circulation and readership levels. Competition for circulation and readership is generally based upon format, content, quality, service, timeliness and price. In recent years, we, and the newspaper industry as a whole, have experienced declining print circulation volume. This is primarily due to increased competition from digital media formats and sources other than traditional newspapers (often free to users), changes in discretionary spending by consumers affected by economic conditions, higher subscription and single-copy rates and a growing preference among certain consumers to receive all or a portion of their news from sources other than a newspaper. If these or other factors result in a continued decline in circulation volume, circulation revenues may be adversely affected as we may be unable to institute circulation price increases at a rate sufficient to offset circulation volume declines. In addition, the rate and volume of print advertising revenues may be adversely affected (as rates reflect circulation and readership, among other factors). \n To remain competitive, we must be able to respond to and exploit changes in technology and consumer behavior, and significant investments may be required. \n Technology in the media industry continues to evolve rapidly. Advances in technology have led to an increasing number of methods for the delivery and consumption of news and other content and have driven consumer demand and expectations in unanticipated directions. If we are unable to exploit new and existing technologies to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors or adapt to new distribution methods that provide optimal user experiences, including introducing in a timely manner compelling new products and services that engage users across platforms, our business, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. \n Technological developments also pose other challenges that could adversely affect our revenues and competitive position. New delivery platforms may lead to pricing restrictions, the loss of distribution control and the loss of a direct relationship with consumers. New delivery devices, such as smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices, which present challenges for traditional display advertising, may also reduce our advertising inventory or otherwise limit our ability to sell advertising. We may also be adversely affected if the use of technology developed to block the display of advertising on websites proliferates. \n Technological developments and changes we may make to our business may require significant investments. We may be limited in our ability to invest funds and resources in digital products, services or opportunities, and we may incur research and development costs in building, maintaining and evolving our technology infrastructure. Some of our existing competitors and new entrants may have greater operational, financial and other resources or may otherwise be better positioned to compete for opportunities and, as a result, our digital businesses may be less successful. The success of our digital businesses also depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified talent for critical positions in those businesses. \n Our international operations expose us to risks inherent in foreign operations. \n An important element of our strategic initiatives is the expansion of the international scope of our operations, and we face the inherent risks associated with doing business abroad, including: \n • effectively managing and staffing foreign operations, including complying with diverse local labor laws and regulations; \n • navigating local customs and practices; \n • responding to government policies that restrict the digital flow of information; \n • protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights under varying legal regimes; \n • complying with international laws and regulations, including those governing the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of consumer data; \n • addressing political or social instability; \n • adapting to currency exchange rate fluctuations; and \n • complying with restrictions on repatriation of funds. \n Adverse developments in any of these areas could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n In addition, we have limited experience in operating and marketing our products in new international regions and could be at a disadvantage compared to competitors with more experience. \n THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY – P. 7 \n If we are unable to successfully develop and execute our strategic growth initiatives, or if they do not adequately address the challenges or opportunities we face, our business, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. \n Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, develop and execute appropriate strategic growth initiatives that will enable the Company to achieve sustainable growth in the long term. The implementation of our strategic initiatives is subject to both the risks affecting our business generally and the inherent risks associated with implementing new strategies. These strategic initiatives may not be successful in generating revenues or improving operating profit and, if they are, it may take longer than anticipated. As a result and depending on evolving conditions and opportunities, we may need to adjust our strategic initiatives and such changes could be substantial, including modifying or terminating one or more of the initiatives. Transition and changes in our strategic initiatives may also create uncertainty by our employees, customers and partners that could adversely affect our business and revenues. In addition, we may incur higher than expected or unanticipated costs in implementing our strategic initiatives, attempting to attract revenue opportunities or changing our strategies. There is no assurance that the implementation of any strategic growth initiative will be successful, and we may not realize anticipated benefits at levels we project or at all, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. \n If we are unable to execute cost-control measures successfully, our total operating costs may be greater than expected, which would adversely affect our profitability. \n Over the last several years, we have significantly reduced operating costs by reducing staff and employee benefits and implementing general cost-control measures across the Company, and we plan to continue these cost management efforts. If we do not achieve expected savings or our operating costs increase as a result of investments in our strategic initiatives, our total operating costs would be greater than anticipated. In addition, if we do not manage our costs properly, such efforts may affect the quality of our products and our ability to generate future revenues. Reductions in staff and employee compensation and benefits could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees. \n Significant portions of our expenses are fixed costs that neither increase nor decrease proportionately with revenues. In addition, our ability to make short-term adjustments to manage our costs or to make changes to our business strategy may be limited by certain of our collective bargaining agreements. If we are not able to implement further cost-control efforts or reduce our fixed costs sufficiently in response to a decline in our revenues, net income from continuing operations may decline. \n The underfunded status of our pension plans may adversely affect our operations, financial condition and liquidity. \n We maintain qualified defined benefit pension plans. In addition, although we sold the New England Media Group in October 2013 and the Regional Media Group in January 2012, we retained pension assets and liabilities and postretirement obligations related to employees of those businesses. As a result, and although we have frozen participation and benefits under all but two of the qualified pension plans we maintain, our results of operations will be affected by the amount of income or expense we record for, and the contributions we are required to make to, these plans. Pension income and expense is calculated using a number of actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions we use to estimate pension expense are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets. Our qualified defined benefit pension plans were underfunded as of December 29, 2013. We are required to make contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by laws governing those plans. A decrease in the discount rate used to determine the liabilities for pension obligations may result in increased contributions. Failure to achieve expected returns on plan assets driven by various factors, which could include a continued environment of low interest rates or sustained volatility and disruption in the stock and bond markets, could also result in an increase in the amount of cash we would be required to contribute to these pension plans. In addition, unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding. As a result, we may have less cash available for working capital and other corporate uses, which may have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity. \n P. 8 – THE  NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY \n Our participation in multiemployer pension plans may subject us to liabilities that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. \n We participate in, and make periodic contributions to, various multiemployer pension plans that cover many of our current and former union employees. Our required contributions to these plans could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these plans, the inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, low interest rates, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. Our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer pension plan will depend on the nature and timing of any triggering event and the extent of that plan’s funding of vested benefits. If a multiemployer pension plan in which we participate has significant underfunded liabilities, such underfunding will increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. In addition, under the Pension Protection Act of 2006, special funding rules apply to multiemployer pension plans that are classified as “endangered,” “seriously endangered,” or “critical” status. If plans in which we participate are in critical status, benefit reductions may apply and/or we could be required to make additional contributions. If, in the future, we elect to withdraw from these plans or if we trigger a partial withdrawal due to declines in contribution base units, additional liabilities would need to be recorded that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. \n We have recorded significant withdrawal liabilities with respect to multiemployer pension plans in which we formerly participated, primarily in connection with the sales of the New England and the Regional Media Groups. Until demand letters from some of the multiemployer plans’ trustees are received, the exact amount of the withdrawal liability will not be fully known and, as such, a difference from the recorded estimate could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, in the event a mass withdrawal is deemed to have occurred at any of these plans, we may be required to make additional contributions under applicable law. \n A significant number of our employees are unionized, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if labor agreements were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. \n Approximately half of our full-time equivalent work force is unionized. As a result, we are required to negotiate the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms with many of our employees collectively. Our results could be adversely affected if future labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. If we were to experience labor unrest or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise, or if we are unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms, our ability to produce and deliver our products could be impaired. In addition, our ability to make short-term adjustments to control compensation and benefits costs, change our strategy or otherwise adapt to changing business needs may be limited by the terms and duration of our collective bargaining agreements. \n A significant increase in the price of newsprint, or significant disruptions in our newsprint supply chain, would have an adverse effect on our operating results. \n The cost of raw materials, of which newsprint is the major component, represented approximately 7% of our total operating costs in 2013. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile and may increase as a result of various factors, including a reduction in the number of suppliers due to restructurings, bankruptcies and consolidations; declining newsprint supply as a result of paper mill closures and conversions to other grades of paper; and other factors that adversely impact supplier profitability, including increases in operating expenses caused by raw material and energy costs, and a rise in the value of the Canadian dollar, which adversely affects Canadian suppliers whose costs are incurred in Canadian dollars but whose newsprint sales are priced in U.S. dollars. \n In addition, we rely on our suppliers for deliveries of newsprint. The availability of our newsprint supply may be affected by various factors, including labor unrest, transportation issues and other disruptions that may affect deliveries of newsprint. \n If newsprint prices increase significantly or we experience significant disruptions in the availability of our newsprint supply in the future, our operating results will be adversely affected. \n THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY – P. 9 \n Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. \n Our debt agreements contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. For example, these covenants, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: \n • incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preferred equity; \n • pay dividends on or make distributions to holders of our common stock or make other restricted payments; \n • create or incur liens on certain assets to secure debt; \n • make certain investments, acquisitions or dispositions; \n • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and \n • enter into certain transactions with affiliates. \n These restrictions limit our flexibility in operating our business and responding to opportunities. \n Changes in our credit ratings or macroeconomic conditions may affect our liquidity by increasing borrowing costs and limiting our financing options. \n Our long-term debt is currently rated below investment grade by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investors Service. If our credit ratings remain below investment grade or are lowered further, borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities may increase and our financing options, including our access to the unsecured borrowing market, would be limited. We may also be subject to additional restrictive covenants that would reduce our flexibility. In addition, macroeconomic conditions, such as continued or increased volatility or disruption in the credit markets, could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt or obtain additional financing to support operations or to fund new acquisitions or other capital-intensive initiatives. \n Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, through a family trust, and this control could create conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control. \n We have two classes of stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to elect 30% of the Board of Directors and to vote, with holders of Class B Common Stock, on the reservation of shares for equity grants, certain material acquisitions and the ratification of the selection of our auditors. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board and to vote on all other matters. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, who purchased The Times in 1896. A family trust holds approximately 90% of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the trust has the ability to elect 70% of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the trust agreement, the trustees are directed to retain the Class B Common Stock held in trust and to vote such stock against any merger, sale of assets or other transaction pursuant to which control of The Times passes from the trustees, unless they determine that the primary objective of the trust can be achieved better by the implementation of such transaction. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. \n We may not be able to protect intellectual property rights upon which our business relies, and if we lose intellectual property protection, our assets may lose value and our advertising revenues may be adversely affected. \n Our business depends on our intellectual property, including our valuable brands, content, services and internally developed technology. We believe our proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to our continued success and our competitive position. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise unlawfully obtain and use our content, services, technology and other intellectual property, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights will prevent any misappropriation or confusion among consumers and merchants, or unauthorized use of these rights. \n Advancements in technology have made the unauthorized duplication and wide dissemination of content easier, making the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging. In addition, as our business and the risk of misappropriation of our intellectual property rights have become more global in scope, we may not be able to protect our proprietary rights in a cost-effective manner in a multitude of jurisdictions with varying laws. \n If we are unable to procure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, including maintaining and monetizing our intellectual property rights to our content, we may not realize the full value of these assets, and our business and profitability may suffer. For example, the development of new mobile applications that republish our \n P. 10 – THE  NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY \n copyrighted content for the users of those applications, while avoiding the advertising displayed when such content is accessed through our digital platforms, could adversely affect our advertising revenues. In addition, if we must litigate in the United States or elsewhere to enforce our intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, such litigation may be costly and divert the attention of our management. \n Our brand and reputation are key assets of the Company, and negative perceptions or publicity could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n The New York Times brand is a key asset of the Company, and our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. We believe that we have a very powerful and trusted brand with an excellent reputation for high-quality journalism and content. This reputation could be damaged by incidents that erode consumer trust. As we focus on developing brand extensions, we may work with third-party vendors, and shortcomings of such third parties could also negatively impact our reputation and brand value. To the extent consumers perceive the quality of our products to be less reliable or our reputation is damaged, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. \n We have been, and may be in the future, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement that could adversely affect our business. \n We periodically receive claims from third parties alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violations of their intellectual property rights. These third parties often include patent holding companies seeking to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained through asserting claims of infringement or misuse. Even if we believe that these claims of intellectual property infringement are without merit, defending against the claims can be time-consuming, be expensive to litigate or settle, and cause diversion of management attention. \n These intellectual property infringement claims may require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, use more costly alternative technology or otherwise incur substantial monetary liability. Additionally, these claims may require us to significantly alter certain of our operations. The occurrence of any of these events as a result of these claims could result in substantially increased costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. \n Security breaches and other network and information systems disruptions could affect our ability to conduct our business effectively. \n Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, are important to our business activities. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of operations, including encryption and authentication technology, employee email, domain name registration, content delivery to customers, back-office support and other functions. Our systems and those of third parties upon which our business relies may be vulnerable to interruption or damage that can result from natural disasters, fires, power outages, acts of terrorism or other similar events, or from deliberate attacks such as computer hackings, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing. Despite the security measures we and our third-party service providers have taken, our computer systems, and those of our vendors, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to attack. For example, during 2012 and 2013, The Times was the target of cyber-attacks allegedly sponsored by foreign sources, designed to interfere with our journalism and undermine our reporting. Although we believe no internal systems, including the systems housing confidential customer and employee data, were breached in these attacks, there can be no assurance that will be the case in the future. \n We have implemented additional controls and taken other preventative measures designed to further strengthen our systems against future attacks, including controls and preventative measures designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at our third-party vendors. The costs of the controls and other measures we have taken to date have not had a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, there can be no assurance as to the cost of additional controls and measures that we may conclude are necessary in the future. \n There can be no assurance that the actions, measures and controls we have implemented will be effective against future attacks or be sufficient to prevent a future security breach or other disruption to our network or information systems, or those of our third-party providers. Such an event could result in a disruption of our services or improper disclosure of personal data or confidential information, which could harm our reputation, require us to expend resources to remedy such a security breach or defend against further attacks, divert managements’ attention \n THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY – P. 11 \n and resources or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased operating costs or loss of revenue. \n Acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions could adversely affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position. \n In order to position our business to take advantage of growth opportunities, we conduct discussions, evaluate opportunities and enter into agreements for possible acquisitions, divestitures, investments and other transactions. We routinely evaluate our portfolio of businesses and may, as a result, buy or sell different properties. In that regard, in 2013, we completed the sale of the New England Media Group and our 49% equity interest in Metro Boston. We may also consider the acquisition of specific properties, businesses or technologies that fall outside our traditional lines of business and diversify our portfolio, including those that may operate in new and developing industries, if we deem such properties sufficiently attractive. \n Acquisitions or divestitures affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position. Acquisitions involve significant risks, including difficulties in integrating acquired operations, diversion of management resources, debt incurred in financing these acquisitions (including the related possible reduction in our credit ratings and increase in our cost of borrowing), differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. Competition for certain types of acquisitions, particularly digital properties, is significant. Even if successfully negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions or investments may prove not to advance our business strategy and may fall short of expected return on investment targets, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. \n Legislative and regulatory developments may result in increased costs and lower revenues from our digital businesses. \n Our digital businesses are subject to government regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and our websites, which are available worldwide, may be subject to laws regulating the Internet even in jurisdictions where we do not do business. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. Revenues from our digital businesses could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, in particular by existing or future laws and regulations relating to online privacy and the collection and use of consumer data in digital media. \n Adverse results from litigation or governmental investigations can impact our business practices and operating results. \n From time to time, we and our subsidiaries are parties to litigation and regulatory, environmental and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies. Adverse outcomes in lawsuits or investigations could result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our operating results or financial condition as well as our ability to conduct our business as it is presently being conducted.