RISK FACTORS. 
 You should carefully consider the following risks and the other information in this Report and our other 
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) before you decide to invest in our company or 
 to maintain or increase your investment. The risks included in this section are not exhaustive, and additional 
 factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance. We operate in a very competitive and 
 rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management 
 to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent 
 to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained 
 in any forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, results of operations 
 or financial condition would likely suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and 
 you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 This Report contains forward-looking statements based on the current expectations, assumptions, estimates 
 and projections about us and the Internet. See the discussion of forward-looking statements on page 1 of Part I 
 of this Report. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We may not successfully implement strategies to increase the adoption of our services and products, which 
 would limit our growth, adversely affect our business and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our continuing profitability depends on our ability to successfully implement our strategy of increasing the adoption of our services and products. Factors that might cause our revenues, margins and operating results to fluctuate include the factors described below in this section as well as: 
 The costs of our marketing programs to establish and promote our brands; 
 The demand for our services and products; 
 Our ability to develop and maintain strategic distribution relationships; 
 The number, timing and significance of new products or services introduced by us and by our competitors; 
 Our ability to develop, market and introduce new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis; 
 The level of service and price competition; 
 Our operating expenses; 
 USPS regulation and policies relating to PC Postage; 
 The modification or termination of financial compensation arrangements with the USPS, strategic business partners and other carriers; and 
 General economic factors. 
 We may implement pricing plans and promotions that may adversely affect our future revenues and 
 margins. 
 Our ability to generate gross margins depends upon our ability to generate significant revenues from a large base of active customers. In order to attract customers in the future, we may run special promotions and offers, such as trial periods, discounts on fees, postage and supplies, and other promotions. In addition, we may offer new pricing plans for new and existing customers. We cannot be sure that customers will be receptive to future fee structures and special promotions that we may implement. Even though we have established a sizeable customer base, we still may not generate sufficient gross margins to remain profitable. In addition, our ability to generate revenues or sustain profitability could be adversely affected by the special promotions or additional changes to our pricing plans. 
 If we do not successfully attract and retain skilled personnel for permanent management and other key 
 personnel positions, we may not be able to effectively implement our business plan. 
 Our success depends largely on the skills, experience and performance of the members of our senior management and other key personnel. Any of these individuals can terminate his or her employment with us at 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 any time. If we lose key employees and are unable to replace them with qualified individuals, our business and operating results could be seriously harmed. In addition, our future success will depend largely on our ability to continue attracting and retaining highly skilled personnel. We may be unable to successfully attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel. Further, we may be unable to retain the employees we currently employ or attract additional qualified personnel to replace those key employees that may depart. The failure to attract and retain the necessary personnel could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The success of our business will depend upon the continued acceptance by customers of our service. 
 We must minimize the rate of loss of existing customers while adding new customers. Customers cancel their subscription to our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently. Also customers may feel the costs for service are too high, they may be going out of business, or they may have other issues that are not satisfactorily resolved. We must continually add new customers both to replace customers who cancel and to continue to grow our business beyond our current customer base. If too many of our customers cancel our service, or if we are unable to attract new customers in numbers sufficient to grow our business, our operating results will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of customers cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate to replace these customers with new customers. 
 If we fail to effectively market and sell our services and products, our business will be substantially 
 harmed and could fail. 
 In order to acquire customers and achieve widespread distribution and use of our services and products, we must develop and execute cost-effective marketing campaigns and sales programs. We currently rely on a combination of marketing techniques to attract new customers including direct mail, online marketing and business partnerships. We may be unable to continue marketing our services and products in a cost-effective manner. If we fail to acquire customers in a cost-effective manner, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to meet the demands of our customers, our business will be substantially harmed and could fail. 
 Our services and products must meet the commercial demands of our customers, which include home businesses and offices, small and medium sized businesses, corporations and individuals. We cannot be sure that our services will appeal to or be adopted by an ever-growing range of customers. If we are unable to ship products such as items from our Supplies Store in a timely manner to our customers, our business may be harmed. Moreover, our ability to obtain and retain customers depends, in part, on our customer service capabilities. If we are unable at any time to address customer service issues adequately or to provide a satisfactory customer experience for current or potential customers, our business and reputation may be harmed. If we fail to meet the demands of our customers, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 A failure to further develop and upgrade our services and products could adversely affect our business. 
 Any delays or failures in developing our services and products, including upgrades of current services and products, may have a harmful impact on our results of operations. The need to extend our core technologies into new features and services and to anticipate or respond to technological changes could affect our ability to develop these services and features. Delays in features or upgrade introductions could cause a decline in our revenue, earnings or stock price. We cannot determine the ultimate effect these delays or the introduction of new features or upgrades will have on our revenue or results of operations. 
 The modification or termination of agreements with our integration partners could adversely affect our 
 business. 
 We have partnership agreements with many integration partners in the high volume shipping area of our business. These partners integrate our mailing and shipping services into their offerings and provide customers that use our services through their products. The modification or termination of any of these agreements by us or our partners could result in lost customers, reduced postage printed and lost revenue, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Increases in payment processing fees would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our 
 results of operations. 
 Our customers pay for our services predominately using credit cards and debit cards and, to a lesser extent, by use of automated clearing house payments. Our acceptance of these payment methods requires our payment of certain fees. From time to time, these fees may increase, either as a result of rate changes by the payment processing companies or as a result of a change in our business practices that increase the fees on a cost-per-transaction basis. If these fees for accepting payment methods increase in future periods, it would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 A decline in our ability to effectively bill our customers by credit card and debit card would adversely 
 affect our results of operations. 
 Our ability to effectively charge our customers through credit cards and debit cards is subject to many variables, including our own billing technology and practices, the practices and rules of payment processing companies, and the practices and rules of issuing financial institutions. If we do not effectively charge and bill our customers in future periods through credit cards and debit cards, it would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Credit card fraud and our response to it could adversely affect our business. 
 We routinely receive orders placed with fraudulent credit card data. We do not carry insurance against the risk of credit card fraud, so our failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions could reduce our net revenues and our profit. We may suffer losses as a result of postage purchases placed with fraudulent credit card data even if the associated financial institution approved payment. If we are unable to detect or control credit card fraud, our liability for these transactions could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. Further, to the extent our efforts to prevent fraudulent transactions result in our inadvertent refusal to fill legitimate business requests, we would lose the benefit of legitimate potential sales and risk the alienation of legitimate customers. 
 Default on the credit we may provide for printing postage to one or more of our larger customers could 
 adversely impact our results of operations. 
 As we acquire larger customers that require larger postage volumes to support their businesses, we offer invoicing and extend credit terms to certain of these customers to facilitate their access to postage and use of our services. If one or more of these customers were to default on amounts owed, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Third party assertions of violations of their intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business. 
 Substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in our industry. Third parties may currently have, or may eventually be issued, patents upon which our products or technology infringe. Any of these third parties might make a claim of infringement against us. We may become aware of, or we may increasingly receive correspondence claiming, potential infringement of other parties’ intellectual property rights. We could incur significant costs and diversion of management time and resources to defend claims against us, regardless of their validity. Any associated costs (including settlements cost, judgments and legal expenses) and business distractions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, litigation in which we are accused of infringement might cause product development delays, require us to develop non-infringing technology or require us to enter into royalty or license agreements, which might not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If a successful claim of infringement were made against us and we could not develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar technology on a timely and cost-effective basis, our business could be significantly harmed or fail. Any loss resulting from intellectual property litigation could severely limit our operations, cause us to pay license fees, or prevent us from doing business. 
 Pending or future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of 
 operations. 
 For information concerning material litigation in which we are involved, please see the “Legal Proceedings” note in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this Report. Litigation is uncertain, and the outcome of individual cases is often not predictable with any degree of certainty. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 We establish loss provisions only for matters in which losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. If either or both of the criteria are not met, we assess whether there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss, or additional losses, may have been incurred. If there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or additional loss may have been incurred for such proceedings, we disclose the estimate of the amount of loss or possible range of loss, or disclose that an estimate of loss cannot be made, as applicable. Future litigation could involve potential compensatory or punitive damage claims, or sanctions, that, if awarded could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts that could exceed any loss provisions we may have established or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. Future litigation could also involve injunctive relief, where a court could prohibit, or materially restrict, our ability to compete in certain businesses or opportunities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or financial results. 
 A failure to protect our own intellectual property could harm our competitive position. 
 We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements and licenses, to establish and protect our rights in our products, services, know-how and information. We have a portfolio of issued and pending US and international patents. We also have a number of registered and unregistered trademarks. We plan to apply for more patents in the future. We may not receive patents for any of our patent applications. Even if patents are issued to us, claims issued in these patents may not protect our technology. In addition, a court might hold any of our patents, trademarks or service marks invalid or unenforceable. Even if our patents are upheld or are not challenged, the costs of enforcing our patents can be material, and third parties may develop alternative technologies or products without infringing our patents. If our patents fail to protect our technology or our trademarks and service marks are successfully challenged, our competitive position could be harmed. We also generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties to control and limit access and disclosure of our confidential information. These contractual arrangements or other steps taken to protect our intellectual property may not prove to be sufficient to prevent misappropriation of technology or deter independent third party development of similar technologies. Additionally, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our services or intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 
 System and online security failures could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our services depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware systems. In addition, we must provide a high level of security for the transactions we execute. We rely on internally-developed and third-party technology to provide secure transmission of postage and other confidential information. Any breach of these security measures would severely impact our business and reputation and would likely result in the loss of customers and revenues. Furthermore, if we fail to provide adequate security, the USPS could prohibit us from selling postage over the Internet. 
 Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from a number of sources, including fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes and similar events. Our Internet host provider does not guarantee that our Internet access will be uninterrupted, error-free or secure. Our servers are also vulnerable to computer viruses, physical, electrical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. We have experienced minor system interruptions in the past and may experience similar or larger system interruptions again in the future. In addition, we are susceptible to system and operational disruptions caused by substantial changes to the demand for our services and surges in the use of our service by customers. Any substantial system interruptions in the future, whatever the cause, could result in the loss of data and could completely impair our ability to generate revenues from our service. Our servers also periodically experience directed attacks intended to cause a disruption in service. Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our service or our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. 
 Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover expenses related to system and operational disruptions or attacks on our Web site, servers or internal systems. We do not presently have a full disaster recovery plan in effect to cover the loss of all facilities and equipment. We do, however, have a secondary location that mirrors our core system infrastructure to allow us to operate from a second location. We have business interruption insurance; however, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result of business interruptions. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with the collection of credit card data and the secure 
 transmission of confidential information over public networks. 
 A significant portion of our customer transactions requires the collection of certain customer data, such as credit card information. We and other parties involved in processing customer transactions must be able to transmit confidential information, including credit card information, securely over public networks. Third parties may have the technology or knowledge to breach the security of customer transaction data. Although we have security measures related to our systems and the privacy of our customers, we cannot guarantee these measures will effectively prevent others from obtaining unauthorized access to our information and our customers’ information. Any person who circumvents our security measures could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. A security breach could cause customers to lose confidence in the security of our services or websites. Any security breach could also expose us to risks of data loss, litigation and liability, and could seriously disrupt operations and harm our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, state and federal laws and regulations are increasingly enacted to protect consumers against identity theft. These laws and regulations will likely increase the costs of doing business and if we fail to implement appropriate security measures, or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these laws and regulations, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to various risks associated with the credit and capital markets. 
 Our cash equivalents and investments are comprised of money market, U.S. government obligations, asset-backed securities and public corporate debt securities. The current global economic crisis has had an unprecedented negative impact on the global credit and capital markets. Declines in the fair value of securities in our investment portfolio could lead to an increased risk that an other than temporary impairment exists. Uncertainties in the credit and capital markets or credit rating downgrades on any investments in our portfolio could cause impairment to our investment portfolio, which could negatively affect our financial condition, cash flow, and reported earnings. 
 We could be subject to changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation 
 or exposure to additional state tax liabilities which may adversely impact our financial results. 
 We are subject to examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other domestic and, potentially, foreign tax authorities. In addition, the application of other indirect taxes (such as sales and use tax, value added tax, goods and services tax, business tax and gross receipt tax) to a business such as Stamps.com is a complex and evolving issue. State or local authorities may attempt to collect taxes on our income based on this evolving area. The application of existing, new or future laws could have adverse effects on our business, prospects and operating results. There have been, and will continue to be, substantial ongoing costs associated with complying with the various indirect tax requirements in the numerous markets in which we conduct or will conduct business. 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial flexibility and our competitive position. 
 Our level of indebtedness could have significant effects on our business. For example, it could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our current indebtedness and any other indebtedness we may incur in the future; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other elements of our business strategy and other general corporate purposes, including share repurchases and payment of dividends; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate; 
 restrict us from exploiting business opportunities; 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including payments on our indebtedness; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general corporate purposes; 
 adversely affect our financial results as the interest rate on our debt is subject to changes in the London Interbank Offered Rate and changes in certain financial measures and thus could increase in future periods. 
 To service our debt and fund our other capital requirements, we will require a significant amount of cash, 
 and our ability to generate cash will depend on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and to fund working capital, capital expenditures and investments in our business, will depend upon our future performance, which will be subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. For example, this could include general and regional economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. We cannot ensure that we will generate cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available, in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional indebtedness or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our debt obligations. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 Postal Reform may negatively affect or cause disruptions to our services and business. 
 The USPS has reached its congressionally mandated debt limit and faces an ongoing fiscal liquidity crisis. It has embarked on cost cutting initiatives and has asked Congress to enact various Postal Reform measures. Among the measures proposed are cutbacks in delivery schedules (such as Saturday delivery), mail processing capability, and retail post office hours and locations. Any such changes actually approved and implemented may adversely affect the products and services we are able to offer our customers and could therefore seriously harm our business. Additionally, absent Congressional action, the fiscal crisis could interrupt basic USPS operations, as well as payments to USPS suppliers such as us, each of which could also seriously harm our business. 
 USPS regulations or fee assessments may cause disruptions or discontinuance of our business. 
 We are subject to continued USPS scrutiny and other government regulations. The availability of our services is dependent upon us continuing to meet USPS performance specifications and regulations. The USPS could change its certification requirements or specifications for PC Postage or revoke or suspend the approval of one or more of our services at any time. If at any time we fail to meet USPS requirements, we may be prohibited from offering our services, and our business would be severely and negatively impacted. In addition, the USPS could suspend or terminate our approval or offer services that compete against us, any of which could stop or negatively impact the commercial adoption of our services. Any changes in requirements or specifications for PC Postage could adversely affect our pricing, cost of revenues, operating results and margins by increasing the cost of providing our services. 
 The USPS could also decide that PC Postage should no longer be an approved postage service due to security concerns, financial difficulties within the USPS or other issues. Our business would suffer dramatically if we were unable promptly to adapt our services to any new requirements or specifications or if the USPS were to discontinue PC Postage as an approved postage method. Alternatively, the USPS could introduce competitive 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 programs or amend PC Postage requirements to make certification easier to obtain, which could lead to more competition from third parties or the USPS itself. If we are unable to compete successfully, particularly against large, traditional providers of postage products, such as Pitney Bowes, who enter the online postage market, our revenues and operating results will suffer. 
 The USPS could decide that our customized postage products should no longer be approved products for such reasons as the belief that they present an unacceptable risk to USPS revenues, exposes the USPS or its customers to legal liability, or causes public or political embarrassment or harm to the USPS in any way. If the USPS were to discontinue our customized postage products, our revenues and operating results would suffer. 
 In addition, USPS regulations may require that our personnel with access to postal information or resources receive security clearance prior to doing relevant work. We may experience delays or disruptions if our personnel cannot receive necessary security clearances in a timely manner, if at all. The regulations may limit our ability to hire qualified personnel. For example, sensitive clearance may only be provided to US citizens or aliens who are specifically approved to work on USPS projects. 
 Finally, any approved USPS market test or new service that benefits us could also ultimately be suspended or cancelled by the USPS, causing disruptions to our business. 
 The USPS could modify or terminate agreements and other financial compensation arrangements. 
 The USPS could decide to amend, renegotiate or terminate agreements or financial compensation arrangements that exist now or in the future. For instance, if the USPS decides to amend, renegotiate or terminate our credit card cost sharing agreements, which govern the allocation of credit card fees paid by the USPS and us, our revenues and operating results could suffer. In addition, if the USPS decides to amend or renegotiate our arrangements under which we are compensated directly by the USPS for shipping customers or integration partners who print a certain amount of postage, our revenue and operating results may be negatively impacted. If the USPS decides to terminate our agreements under which we are compensated directly by the USPS for shipping customers or integration partners who print a certain amount of postage, our revenue and operating results would suffer. 
 The USPS could modify or terminate discounts our customers receive. 
 The USPS could decide to amend or terminate the discounts our customers and integration partners receive. Customers using our services receive discounted postage rates, either from Stamps.com or from integration partners that provide discounted rates, compared to USPS retail rates on certain mail pieces such as First Class letters and packages, domestic and international Priority Mail and Priority Mail Express packages, and other discounts available to high-volume shipping customers. If the USPS decides to withdraw certain discounts or even remove the discounts entirely, our revenue and operating results will suffer. If the Postal Regulatory Commission decides the discounts are unlawful and require the USPS to cancel or change them, then our revenue and operating results would suffer. 
 If we are unable to compete successfully against alternative methods of accessing relevant mailing and 
 shipping services, our revenues and operating results will suffer. 
 We compete with all of the alternate ways that consumers and businesses may access mailing and shipping services from the USPS, including the following: online services available at USPS.com; USPS retail locations; USPS kiosks; multi-carrier solutions; integrated web shipping solutions such as eBay/PayPal or Amazon.com; traditional postage meters; other USPS approved PC Postage vendors; USPS permit manifesting solutions; and commercial retail locations that sell postage or shipping services (for example grocery stores, discount warehouses, small business mailing and shipping centers, office supply chains, and others). Some of these alternative means of accessing USPS services are available with no additional markup over the face value of postage and some are available with discounted postage rates that are better than the discounts that we are able to provide to our customers. With our 2014 acquisitions of ShipStation and ShipWorks, we also now compete with multi-carrier solutions providers. We also compete with the technology solutions available from private carriers that allow customers to access those private carriers, and which are typically provided to the customers for no additional fees. 
 We may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive position against current or future competitors as they enter the market. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 brand recognition, greater financial, marketing, service, support, technical, intellectual property and other resources than us. As a result, our competitors may be able to devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote substantially more resources to web site and systems development. This increased competition may result in reduced operating margins, loss of market share and a diminished brand. We may from time to time make pricing, service or marketing decisions or acquisitions as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment. These actions could result in reduced margins and seriously harm our business. 
 We face competitive pressures from new technologies or the expansion of existing technologies approved for use by the USPS. We may also face competition from a number of indirect competitors that specialize in electronic commerce and other companies with substantial customer bases in the computer and other technical fields. Additionally, companies that control access to transactions through a network or Web browsers could also promote our competitors or charge us a substantial fee for inclusion. In addition, changes in postal regulations could adversely affect our service and significantly impact our competitive position. We may be unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and the competitive pressures we face could seriously harm our business. 
 Strategic business partners or private carriers could modify or terminate agreements and other financial 
 compensation arrangements. 
 Strategic business partners, such as multi-carrier software providers, e-commerce platforms, private shipping services, shipping service resellers, or others, could decide to amend, renegotiate or terminate agreements or financial compensation arrangements that exist now or in the future. For instance, if these partners amend, renegotiate or terminate agreements allowing us to integrate their services with our products and services, our revenues and operating results could suffer and our ability to attract customers that rely on these services could suffer. 
 If we do not respond effectively to technological change, our services and products could become obsolete 
 and our business will suffer. 
 The development of our services, products and other technology entails significant technical and business risks. To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our online operations. The Internet and the electronic commerce industry are characterized by rapid technological change, changes in user and customer requirements and preferences, frequent new product and service introductions embodying new technologies, and the emergence of new industry standards and practices. 
 The evolving nature of the Internet or the postage markets could render our existing technology and systems obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to (i) license or acquire leading technologies useful in our business, (ii) enhance our existing services, (iii) develop new services or features and technology that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our current and prospective users, and (iv) respond to technological advances and emerging industry and regulatory standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner. 
 Future advances in technology may not be beneficial to, or compatible with, our business. Furthermore, we may not be successful in using new technologies effectively or adapting our technology and systems to user requirements or emerging industry standards on a timely basis. Our ability to remain technologically competitive may require substantial expenditures and lead time. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions or user requirements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed. 
 We may expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies or technologies, which may 
 result in additional dilution to our stockholders and consume resources that may be necessary to sustain 
 our business. 
 As part of our business strategy to acquire complementary services, technologies or businesses we may: 
 issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders; 
 use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; and 
 incur additional debt or refinance existing debt that could have terms unfavorable to us or that we might be unable to repay. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Business acquisitions, such as the PSI Systems, Inc. (Endicia), Auctane LLC (ShipStation) and Interapptive, Inc. (ShipWorks) acquisitions also involve risks of unknown liabilities and potential litigation associated with the acquired business. In addition, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, including securing the services of key employees. Incurring unknown liabilities or the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition could seriously harm our business. 
 Our operating results could be impaired if we or the Internet become subject to additional government 
 regulation. 
 Changes in the laws and regulations applicable to the Internet or us, including those relating to user privacy, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, characteristics and quality of products and services, and export controls, could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the applicability of existing laws to the Internet is uncertain with regard to many issues, including property ownership, export of specialized technology, sales tax, state income taxes, libel and personal privacy, and changes in their interpretation could similarly harm us. The application of laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to our business, or the application of existing laws and regulations to the Internet and other online services could also harm our business. 
 We have employees and offer our services in multiple states, and we may in the future expand internationally. These jurisdictions may claim that we are required to qualify to do business as a foreign corporation in each state or foreign country. Our failure to qualify as a foreign corporation in a jurisdiction where we are required to do so could subject us to taxes and penalties. Other states and foreign countries may also attempt to regulate our services or prosecute us for violations of their laws. 
 We do not collect sales or consumption taxes in some jurisdictions. 
 U.S. Supreme Court decisions restrict the imposition of obligations to collect state and local sales taxes with respect to remote sales. However, an increasing number of states have considered or adopted laws or administrative practices that attempt to impose obligations on out-of-state retailers to collect taxes on their behalf. A successful assertion by one or more states or foreign countries requiring us to collect taxes where we do not do so could result in substantial tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest. 
 Risks Related to Our Stock 
 The tax value of our net operating losses could be impaired if we trigger a change of control pursuant to 
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 We currently have federal and state NOL carry-forwards of approximately $123 million and $1.5 million, respectively. Under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 rules, if a “change of ownership” is triggered, our NOL asset may be impaired. A change in ownership can occur whenever there is a shift in ownership by more than 50 percentage points by one or more “5% shareholders” within a three-year period. We estimate that as of December 31, 2015 we were at approximately a 10% level compared with the 50% level that would trigger impairment of our NOL asset. 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, any person or entity, including company or investment firm, that wishes to become a “5% shareholder” (as defined in our certificate of incorporation) must first obtain a waiver from our Board of Directors. In addition any person or entity, including any company or investment firm, that is already a “5% shareholder” of ours cannot make any additional purchases of our stock without a waiver from our Board of Directors. These NOL Protective Measures are more particularly discussed in our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 2, 2008. 
 On July 22, 2010, our Board of Directors suspended the NOL Protective Measures by approving a waiver from the NOL Protective Measures to all persons and entities, including companies and investment firms. As a result, as of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our stockholders are now allowed to become “5% shareholders” and existing “5% shareholders” are allowed to make additional purchases of our stock each without having to comply with the restrictions contained in the NOL Protective Measures. This waiver may be revoked by our Board of Directors at any time if the Board deems the revocation necessary to protect against a Section 382 “change of ownership” that would limit our ability to utilize future NOLs. For complete details about this waiver from the NOL Protective Measures, please see our Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2010. As of 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 January 29, 2016, we had 16,712,407 shares outstanding, and therefore ownership of approximately 836,000 shares or more would currently constitute a “5% shareholder”. 
 We strongly urge that any stockholder 
 contemplating becoming a 5% or more shareholder contact us before doing so. 
 Even if we revoke the existing waiver to make the NOL Protective Measures operate again to prevent new 
 “5% shareholders”, we cannot ensure that an “ownership change” will not occur. 
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code is an extremely complex provision with respect to which there are many uncertainties. Accordingly, if the existing waiver were revoked so that the measures were to operate again to prevent new “5% shareholders”, the NOL Protective Measures might not prevent all transfers that might result in an “ownership change.” Alternatively, a court could find that some or all of the NOL Protective Measures are not enforceable, either in general or as to a particular fact situation. Even if the NOL Protective Measures are enforced by state courts, we have not requested a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) regarding the effectiveness of the NOL Protective Measures, and we cannot ensure that the IRS will agree that the NOL Protective Measures are effective for purposes of Section 382. Moreover, our Board of Directors could still permit a transfer or transfers that result in or contribute towards an “ownership change” if it were to determine that such a transfer is in our best interests. As a result of these and other factors, the NOL Protective Measures, if operative, would serve to reduce, but not eliminate, the risk that we could undergo an “ownership change.” Accordingly, even in such event, we could not assure you that upon audit, the IRS would agree that all of our NOLs are allowable. 
 Our charter documents could deter a takeover effort, which could inhibit your ability to receive an 
 acquisition premium for your shares. 
 The provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could make it difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if it would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could prohibit or delay a merger or other takeover of our company, and discourage attempts to acquire us. 
 In addition, if the existing waiver of our NOL Protective Measures were revoked so that the measures operated again to prevent new “5% shareholders”, the NOL Protective Measures could be deemed to have an “anti-takeover” effect because, among other things, they would restrict the ability of a person, entity or group to accumulate more than 5% of our common stock and the ability of persons, entities or groups now owning more than 5% of our common stock to acquire additional shares of our common stock without the approval of our Board of Directors. As a result, our Board of Directors might be able to prevent any future takeover attempt. Therefore, the NOL Protective Measures could discourage or prevent accumulations of substantial blocks of shares in which our stockholders might receive a substantial premium above market value and might tend to insulate management against the possibility of removal. 
 The USPS may object to a change of control of our common stock. 
 The USPS may raise national security or similar concerns to prevent foreign persons from acquiring significant ownership of our common stock or of our company. The USPS also has regulations regarding the change of control of approved PC Postage providers. These concerns may prohibit or delay a merger or other takeover of our company. Our competitors may also seek to have the USPS block the acquisition by a foreign person of our common stock or our company in order to prevent the combined company from becoming a more effective competitor in the market for postage solutions. 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors, including the following, some of which are beyond our control: 
 variations in our operating results, 
 variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, 
 investors and the financial community, 
 sales by stockholders holding larger blocks of our stock, 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in El Segundo, California where we own a 99,600 square foot facility. We have approximately 29,000 square feet in Mountain View, California under a lease expiring in October 2018; 14,000 square feet in Austin, Texas under a lease expiring in June 2021; and 10,000 square feet in St Louis, Missouri under a lease expiring in June 2022. We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate for our present purposes. 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 On August 14, 2014, Rapid Enterprises, LLC, D/B/A Express One, filed suit against ShipStation and some of its executives in the Third Judicial District Court for Salt Lake County, Utah, alleging, among other claims, that ShipStation breached its contract with Express One by violating an exclusivity provision. Express One sought an injunction, damages, attorneys’ fees and court costs. On December 12, 2014, Express One added additional claims and Stamps.com and our Chief Executive Officer as named defendants. 
 On August 6, 2015, Stamps.com and Express One entered into a settlement agreement that resolved all disputes between the parties. Stamps.com agreed to pay Express One $10.0 million in exchange for Express One’s dismissal and permanent withdrawal of Express One’s tort claims. In addition, the parties agreed to continue and expand their business relationship going forward. The amount was expensed and paid in 2015. 
 Express One is a sales and support business partner for the United States Postal Service that provides discounted shipping rates and technology solutions to lower volume USPS shippers. Through our partnership with Express One, Stamps.com and our subsidiaries are able to provide Express One’s shipping discounts to our lower volume customers, and Express One is able to utilize our systems and software to better serve its customers. 
 We are also subject to various routine legal proceedings and claims incidental to our business, and we do not believe that these proceedings and claims would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others, and 
 market volatility in general. 
 As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price. In the past, securities class action litigation often has been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. This type of litigation, if directed at us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources. 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.