You should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our securities.  Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies such as general economic conditions, geopolitical events, competition, technological obsolescence and employee relations.  The risks described below, along with risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial, may impair our business operations and our liquidity in an adverse way. \n Our advertising revenue can vary substantially from period to period based on many factors beyond our control.  This volatility affects our operating results and may reduce our ability to repay indebtedness or reduce the market value of our securities. \n We rely on sales of advertising time for most of our revenues and, as a result, our operating results depend on the amount of advertising revenue we generate.  If we generate less advertising revenue, it may be more difficult for us to repay our indebtedness and the value of our business may decline.  Our ability to sell advertising time depends on: \n · the levels of automobile advertising, which historically have represented about one quarter of our advertising revenue; however, for the year ended December 31, 2011, automobile advertising represented 20.9% of our net time sales; \n · the health of the economy in the area where our television stations are located and in the nation as a whole; \n · the popularity of our programming and that of our competition; \n · the levels of political advertising, which are affected by campaign finance laws and the ability of political candidates and political action committees to raise and spend funds and are subject to seasonal fluctuations; \n · the reliability of our ratings information measurements, including new ratings system technologies such as “people meters” and “set-top boxes”; \n · changes in the makeup of the population in the areas where our stations are located; \n · the activities of our competitors, including increased competition from other forms of advertising-based mediums, such as other broadcast television stations, radio stations, MVPDs, internet and broadband content providers and other print and media outlets serving in the same markets; and \n · other factors that may be beyond our control. \n After a severe economic recession in 2008 and 2009 that affected our advertising revenue, we experienced a rebound in advertising spending in 2010 due primarily to a resurgence of the automotive industry, our largest advertising category, and a contentious mid-term election resulting in record political revenues.  There can be no assurance that our advertising revenue will not be volatile in the future or that such volatility will not have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.