In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information under the caption Item 1. Business “Competition,” the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us and our business.  This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” following this Item 1A. Risk Factors. \n We face substantial competition and that competition is likely to increase over time. \n We face substantial competition from other providers of radio and other audio services.  Our ability to retain and attract subscribers depends on our success in creating and providing popular or unique music, entertainment, news and sports programming. Our subscribers can obtain certain similar content for free through terrestrial radio stations or Internet radio services.  Audio content delivered via the Internet, including through mobile devices, is increasingly competitive with our services.  In addition, automakers and aftermarket manufacturers have introduced factory-installed radios capable of seamlessly accessing Internet-delivered audio entertainment and easily connecting to Internet-delivered content on smartphones. A summary of various services that compete with us is contained in the section entitled “Item 1. Business - Competition.” \n Competition could result in lower subscription, advertising or other revenue or increase our marketing, promotion or other expenses and, consequently, lower our earnings and free cash flow. We cannot assure you we will be able to compete successfully with our existing or future competitors or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. \n Our business depends in large part upon automakers. \n A substantial portion of our new subscription growth has come from purchasers and lessees of new and previously owned automobiles.  The sale and lease of vehicles with satellite radios is an important source of subscribers for our satellite radio service. We have agreements with every major automaker to include satellite radios in new vehicles, although these agreements do not require automakers to install specific or minimum quantities of radios in any given period. \n Automotive production and sales are dependent on many factors, including the availability of consumer credit, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and fuel costs. To the extent vehicle sales by automakers decline, or the penetration of factory-installed satellite radios in those vehicles is reduced, subscriber growth for our satellite radio services may be adversely impacted. \n General economic conditions can affect our business. \n The purchase of a satellite radio subscription is discretionary, and our business and our financial condition can be negatively affected by general economic conditions. Poor general economic conditions can adversely affect subscriber churn, conversion rates and vehicle sales, as evidenced by the dramatic slowdown in auto sales that negatively impacted our subscriber growth in 2008 and 2009. \n Failure of our satellites would significantly damage our business. \n The lives of our satellites will vary and depend on a number of factors, including: \n • degradation and durability of solar panels; \n • quality of construction; \n • random failure of satellite components, which could result in significant damage to or loss of a satellite; \n • amount of fuel the satellite consumes; and \n • damage or destruction by electrostatic storms, collisions with other objects in space or other events, such as nuclear detonations, occurring in space. \n In the ordinary course of operation, satellites experience failures of component parts and operational and performance anomalies. Components on our in-orbit satellites have failed; and from time to time we have experienced anomalies in the operation and performance of these satellites. These failures and anomalies are expected to continue in the ordinary course, and we cannot predict if any of these possible future events will have a material adverse effect on our operations or the life of our existing in-orbit satellites. \n Three of the Sirius in-orbit satellites have experienced degradation on their solar arrays. The degradation these satellites have experienced does not affect current operations. Additional degradation on the three Sirius satellites could reduce the estimated lives of those satellites. \n Space Systems/Loral has constructed a new satellite for the Sirius system that is expected to be launched during mid-2013. Satellite launches have significant risks, including launch failure, damage or destruction of the satellite during launch and failure to achieve a proper orbit or operate as planned. Our agreement with Space Systems/Loral does not protect us against the risks inherent in a satellite launch or in-orbit operations. \n Our XM-1 and XM-2 satellites have experienced progressive degradation problems common to early Boeing 702 class satellites and now serve as in-orbit spares. Our XM-3, XM-4 and XM-5 in-orbit satellites have experienced circuit failures on their solar arrays which do not affect current operations. Additional circuit failures on the satellites could reduce the estimated lives of those satellites. We estimate that our XM-3, XM-4 and XM-5 satellites will meet their 15-year predicted depreciable lives, and that the XM-1 and XM-2 satellites' depreciable lives will end in 2013. \n Our XM-5 satellite serves as an in-orbit spare for both of our services. In the event of a failure of XM-3, XM-4 or any of the Sirius satellites, service would be maintained through XM-5. \n In addition, our Sirius network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single third-party satellite. Our XM network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single XM satellite. If the satellites communicating with the applicable repeater network fail unexpectedly, the services would be disrupted for several hours or longer. \n We maintain in-orbit insurance policies covering only our XM-5 and FM-5 satellites.  These policies will expire in 2014 and 2015, respectively, and we may not renew these in-orbit insurance policies when they expire. Any insurance proceeds will not fully cover our losses in the event of a satellite failure or significant degradation in the service provided by such satellites. For example, the policies covering the insured satellites do not cover the full cost of constructing, launching and insuring new satellites, nor will they cover, and we do not have protection against, business interruption, loss of business or similar losses. Our insurance contains customary exclusions, material change and other conditions that could limit recovery under those policies. Further, any insurance proceeds may not be received on a timely basis in order to launch a spare satellite or construct and launch a replacement satellite or take other remedial measures. In addition, the policies are subject to limitations involving uninsured losses, large satellite performance deductibles and policy limits. \n Our ability to attract and retain subscribers at a profitable level in the future is uncertain. \n We spend substantial amounts on advertising and marketing and in transactions with automakers, retailers and others to obtain and attract subscribers. During 2012, we added approximately two million net subscribers to our services. Our ability to retain our subscribers, or increase the number of subscribers to our service, in any given period is subject to many factors, including: \n • the price of our service; \n • the health of the economy; \n • the production and sale of new vehicles in the United States; \n • our ability to convince owners and lessees of new and previously owned vehicles that include satellite radios to purchase subscriptions to our service; \n • the effectiveness of our marketing programs; \n • the entertainment value of our programming; and \n • actions by our competitors, such as terrestrial radio and other audio entertainment and information providers. \n As part of our business, we experience, and expect to experience in the future, subscriber turnover (i.e., churn). If we are unable to retain current subscribers at expected rates, or the costs of retaining subscribers are higher than expected, our financial performance and operating results could be adversely affected. We cannot predict how successful we will be at retaining customers who purchase or lease vehicles that include a prepaid promotional subscription to our satellite radio service. During 2012, we converted 45% of the customers who received a promotional subscription as part of the purchase or lease of a new vehicle to a self-paying subscription. Over the same period, we have experienced churn of our self-pay subscribers of 1.9% per month. \n Average monthly revenue per subscriber, which we refer to as ARPU, is another key metric we use to analyze our business. Over the past several years, we have focused substantial attention and efforts on balancing ARPU and subscriber additions. Our ability to increase or maintain ARPU over time is uncertain and depends upon various factors, including: \n • the value consumers perceive in our service; \n • our ability to add and retain compelling programming; \n • the increasing competition we experience from terrestrial and Internet radio and other entertainment providers; and \n • pricing and other offers we may make to attract new subscribers and retain existing subscribers. \n If we are unable to consistently attract new subscribers, and retain our current subscribers, at a sufficient level of revenue to be profitable, the value of our common stock could decline, and without sufficient cash flow we may not be able to make the required payments on our indebtedness and could ultimately default on our commitments. \n Royalties for music rights have increased and may continue to do so in the future. \n We must maintain music programming royalty arrangements with, and pay license fees to, BMI, ASCAP and SESAC. These organizations negotiate with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to songwriters and music publishers. We have agreements with ASCAP, BMI and SESAC through 2016. There can be no assurance that the royalties we pay to ASCAP, SESAC and BMI will not increase upon expiration of these arrangements. \n Under the Digital Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act of 1995 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, we pay royalties to copyright owners of sound recordings. Those royalty rates may be established through negotiation or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, by the CRB. Owners of copyrights in sound recordings have created SoundExchange, a collective organization, to collect and distribute royalties. SoundExchange is exempt by statute from certain U.S. antitrust laws and exercises significant market power in the licensing of sound recordings. \n New royalty rates for our use of sound recordings during the five-year period beginning in January 2013 were announced by the CRB in December 2012.  Under the terms of the CRB's decision, we will pay a royalty based on gross revenues, subject to certain exclusions, of 9.0% for 2013, 9.5% for 2014, 10.0% for 2015, 10.5% for 2016, and 11% for 2017.  The rate for 2012 was 8.0%. \n Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to attract and retain qualified executive officers. \n Our former Chief Executive Officer terminated his employment with us in December 2012.  A committee of our board of directors is currently conducting a search for a permanent successor to our former Chief Executive Officer.  In addition, the employment agreement with our current Chief Executive Officer, who is serving on an interim basis, expires at the end of October 2013, and he has negotiated a right to retire prior to the expiration of his employment agreement. We face intense competition for executive talent from a variety of sources, including from competing entertainment providers, and we might not be able to find a replacement on a timely basis or with the same level of skill and experience. Our continued success is dependent, in part, upon our ability to attract and retain superior executive officers.  Similarly, our business and the value of our common stock could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain qualified executive personnel, including a permanent Chief Executive Officer. \n The unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation could have a material adverse effect. \n We are parties to several legal proceedings arising out of various aspects of our business, including class action lawsuits alleging violations of state consumer protection statutes. We are defending all claims against us. The outcome of these proceedings may not be favorable, and an unfavorable outcome may have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results. \n Rapid technological and industry changes could adversely impact our services. \n The audio entertainment industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent product innovations, changes in customer requirements and expectations, and evolving standards. If we are unable to keep pace with these changes, our business may not succeed. Products using new technologies, or emerging industry standards, could make our technologies less competitive in the marketplace. \n Failure of third parties to perform could adversely affect our business. \n Our business depends, in part, on various third parties, including: \n • manufacturers that build and distribute satellite radios; \n • companies that manufacture and sell integrated circuits for satellite radios; \n • programming providers and on-air talent; \n • retailers that market and sell satellite radios and promote subscriptions to our services; and \n • vendors that have designed or built and vendors that support or operate important elements of our systems. \n If one or more of these third parties do not perform in a satisfactory or timely manner, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, a number of third parties on which we depend have experienced, and may in the future experience, financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy protection. Such third parties may not be able to perform their obligations to us in a timely manner, if at all, as a result of their financial condition or may be relieved of their obligations to us as part of seeking bankruptcy protection. \n We design, establish specifications, source or specify parts and components, and manage various aspects of the logistics and production of radios. As a result of these activities, we may be exposed to liabilities associated with the design, manufacture and distribution of radios that the providers of an entertainment service would not customarily be subject to, such as liabilities for design defects, patent infringement and compliance with applicable laws, as well as the costs of returned product. \n Changes in consumer protection laws and their enforcement could damage our business. \n We engage in extensive marketing efforts to attract and retain subscribers to our services. We employ a wide variety of communications tools as part of our marketing campaigns, including telemarketing efforts; print, television, radio and online advertising; and email solicitations. \n Consumer protection laws, rules and regulations are extensive and have developed rapidly, particularly at the state level. Consumer protection laws in certain jurisdictions cover nearly all aspects of our marketing efforts, including the content of our advertising, the terms of consumer offers and the manner in which we communicate with subscribers and prospective subscribers. We are engaged in considerable efforts to ensure that all our activities comply with federal and state laws, rules and regulations relating to consumer protection, including laws relating to privacy. Modifications to federal and state laws, rules and regulations concerning consumer protection, including decisions by federal and state courts and agencies interpreting these \n laws, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our services. While we monitor the changes in and interpretations of these laws in consumer-related settlements and decisions, and while we believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws, there can be no assurances that new laws or regulations will not be enacted or adopted, preexisting laws or regulations will not be more strictly enforced or that our varied operations will continue to comply with all applicable laws, which might adversely affect our operations. \n A Multistate Working Group of 31 State Attorneys General, led by the Attorney General of the State of Ohio, is investigating certain of our consumer practices. The investigation focuses on practices relating to the cancellation of subscriptions; automatic renewal of subscriptions; charging, billing, collecting, and refunding or crediting of payments from consumers; and soliciting customers. Separate investigations into our consumer practices are being conducted by the Attorneys General of the State of Florida and New York. \n Failure to comply with FCC requirements could damage our business. \n We hold FCC licenses and authorizations to operate commercial satellite radio services in the United States, including authorizations for satellites and terrestrial repeaters, and related authorizations. The FCC generally grants licenses and authorizations for a fixed term. Although we expect our licenses and authorizations to be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. Any assignment or transfer of control of any of our FCC licenses or authorizations must be approved in advance by the FCC. \n The operation of our satellite radio systems is subject to significant regulation by the FCC under authority granted through the Communications Act and related federal law. We are required, among other things, to operate only within specified frequencies; to meet certain conditions regarding the interoperability of our satellite radios with those of other licensed satellite radio systems; to coordinate our satellite radio services with radio systems operating in the same range of frequencies in neighboring countries; and to coordinate our communications links to our satellites with other systems that operate in the same frequency band. Non-compliance by us with these requirements or other conditions or with other applicable FCC rules and regulations could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions. There is no guarantee that Congress will not modify the statutory framework governing our services, or that the FCC will not modify its rules and regulations in a manner that would have a material impact on our operations. \n The terms of our licenses, the order of the FCC approving the Merger, and the consent decrees we entered into with the FCC require us to meet certain conditions.  Non-compliance with these conditions could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions. \n Other existing or future government laws and regulations could harm our business. \n We are subject to many other federal, state and local laws.  These laws and regulations cover issues such as user privacy, behavioral advertising, automatic renewal of agreements, pricing, fraud, electronic waste, mobile and electronic device communications, quality of products and services, taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights and information security. The expansion of these laws, both in terms of their number and their applicability, could harm our business.  Similarly, new disclosure and reporting requirements, established under existing or new state or federal laws, such as regulatory rules regarding requirements to disclose efforts to identify the origin and existence of certain “conflict minerals” or abusive labor practices in portions of our supply chain, could increase the cost of doing business, adversely affecting our results of operations. \n Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could negatively impact our results and our brand. \n We operate a complex and growing business. We offer a wide variety of subscription packages at different price points. Our business is dependent on the operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of certain third party service providers. Any degradation in the quality, or any failure, of our systems could reduce our revenues, cause us to lose customers and damage our brand. Although we have implemented practices designed to maintain the availability of our information technology systems and mitigate the harm of any unplanned interruptions, we do not have complete redundancy for all of our information technology systems, and our disaster recovery planning cannot anticipate all eventualities. We occasionally experience unplanned outages or technical difficulties. We could also experience loss of data or processing capabilities, which could cause us to lose customers and could materially harm our reputation and our operating results. \n We are involved in continuing efforts to upgrade and maintain our information technology systems. These maintenance and upgrade activities are costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements could harm our business and our results of operations. \n Our data centers and our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems. \n If hackers were able to circumvent our security measures, we could lose proprietary information or personal information or experience significant disruptions. If our systems become unavailable or suffer a security breach, we may be required to expend significant resources to address these problems, including notification under various federal and state data privacy regulations, and our reputation and operating results could suffer. \n We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and service providers to take, fulfill and handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems could prevent us from servicing customers or cause data to be unintentionally disclosed. \n If we fail to protect the security of personal information about our customers, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and our reputation could suffer. \n The nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of personal information about our subscribers. If we experience a data security breach, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our subscribers and potential customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue usage of our services. Such events could lead to lost future sales and adversely affect our results of operations. \n We may from time to time modify our business plan, and these changes could adversely affect us and our financial condition. \n We regularly evaluate our plans and strategy. These evaluations often result in changes to our plans and strategy, some of which may be material. These changes in our plans or strategy may include: the acquisition or termination of unique or compelling programming; the introduction of new features or services; significant new or enhanced distribution arrangements; investments in infrastructure, such as satellites, equipment or radio spectrum; and acquisitions of other businesses, including acquisitions that are not directly related to our satellite radio business. \n Our indebtedness could adversely affect our operations and could limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry. \n As of December 31, 2012, we had an aggregate principal amount of approximately $2.5 billion of indebtedness. We also have entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of financial institutions for $1.25 billion, which had not been drawn upon as of December 31, 2012. Our indebtedness has important consequences. For example, it: \n • increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; \n • requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, reducing the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, marketing and other general corporate activities; \n • limits our ability to borrow additional funds or make capital expenditures; \n • limits our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the audio entertainment industry; and \n • may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other competitors. \n The instruments governing our indebtedness contain covenants that, among other things, place certain limitations on our ability to incur more debt, exceed a specified leverage ratio, pay dividends, make distributions, make investments, repurchase stock, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, enter into sale lease-back transactions, merge or consolidate, and transfer or sell assets. Failure to comply with the covenants associated with our indebtedness could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could cause us to seek the protection of the bankruptcy laws, discontinue operations or seek a purchaser for our business or assets. \n Our broadcast studios, terrestrial repeater networks, satellite uplink facilities or other ground facilities could be damaged by natural catastrophes or terrorist activities. \n An earthquake, tornado, flood, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event could damage our broadcast studios, terrestrial repeater networks or satellite uplink facilities, interrupt our service and harm our business. \n Any damage to the satellites that transmit to our terrestrial repeater networks would likely result in degradation of the affected service for some subscribers and could result in complete loss of service in certain or all areas. Damage to our satellite \n uplink facilities could result in a complete loss of either of our services until we could transfer operations to suitable back-up facilities. \n Our principal stockholder has significant influence over our management and over actions requiring stockholder approval and its interests may differ from the interests of other holders of common stock. \n As of January 17, 2013, Liberty Media Corporation beneficially owned approximately 50.21% of our common stock.  Five current Liberty Media executives are members of our board of directors, and Liberty Media has designated an additional three members of our board of directors. \n As a result, Liberty Media has the ability to control our affairs, policies and operations, such as the appointment of management, future issuances of our common stock or other securities, the payment of dividends, if any, on our common stock, the incurrence of debt by us, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the entering into of extraordinary transactions, and their interests may not in all cases be aligned with the interests of other stockholders. In addition, Liberty Media will be able to determine the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval and will be able to cause or prevent a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company. The concentration of ownership could deprive our stockholder's of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. \n We are a "controlled company" within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing rules and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. \n We are considered a "controlled company" for the purposes of the NASDAQ Stock Market listing rules. As such, we have elected not to comply with certain NASDAQ corporate governance requirements that a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors and that we have independent director oversight over director nominations. As a result, we do not have a majority of independent directors, and our compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee may not consist entirely of independent directors. \n Our business may be impaired by third-party intellectual property rights. \n Development of our systems has depended upon the intellectual property that we have developed, as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties. If the intellectual property that we have developed or use is not adequately protected, others will be permitted to and may duplicate portions of our systems or services without liability. In addition, others may challenge, invalidate, render unenforceable or circumvent our intellectual property rights, patents or existing licenses or we may face significant legal costs in connection with defending and enforcing those intellectual property rights. Some of the know-how and technology we have developed, and plan to develop, is not now, nor will it be, covered by U.S. patents or trade secret protections. Trade secret protection and contractual agreements may not provide adequate protection if there is any unauthorized use or disclosure. The loss of necessary technologies could require us to substitute technologies of lower quality performance standards, at greater cost or on a delayed basis, which could harm us. \n Other parties may have patents or pending patent applications, which will later mature into patents or inventions that may block our ability to operate our system or license technologies. We may have to resort to litigation to enforce our rights under license agreements or to determine the scope and validity of other parties' proprietary rights in the subject matter of those licenses. This may be expensive and we may not succeed in any such litigation. \n Third parties may assert claims or bring suit against us for patent, trademark or copyright infringement, or for other infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost, and diversion of effort and adverse findings in any proceeding could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties; require us to seek licenses from third parties; block our ability to operate our systems or license our technology; or otherwise adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market our satellite radio systems. \n Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements \n We have made various statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may also be made in our other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, in our press releases and in other documents. In addition, from time to time, we, through our management, may make oral forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those identified above, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. The words “will likely result,” “are expected to,” “will continue,” “is anticipated,” “estimated,” “believe,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely,” “projection,” “outlook” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that the risk factors described above are not exclusive. There may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements.