In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information under the caption Item 1. Business “Competition,” the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us and our business.  This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” following this Item 1A. Risk Factors. \n We face substantial competition and that competition is likely to increase over time. \n We face substantial competition from other providers of radio and other audio services. Our ability to retain and attract subscribers depends on our success in creating and providing popular or unique music, entertainment, news and sports programming.  Our subscribers can obtain certain similar content for free through terrestrial radio stations or Internet radio services.  Audio content delivered via the Internet, including through mobile devices, is increasingly competitive with our services.  In addition, automakers and aftermarket manufacturers have introduced factory-installed radios capable of accessing Internet-delivered audio entertainment and connecting to Internet-delivered content on smartphones.  A summary of various services that compete with us is contained in the section entitled “Item 1. Business-Competition” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. \n Competition could result in lower subscription, advertising or other revenue or increase our marketing, promotion or other expenses and, consequently, lower our earnings and free cash flow.  We cannot assure you we will be able to compete successfully with our existing or future competitors or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. \n Our ability to attract and retain subscribers in the future is uncertain. \n Our ability to retain our subscribers, or increase the number of subscribers to our service, is uncertain and subject to many factors, including: \n • the price of our service; \n • the health of the economy; \n • the production and sale of new vehicles in the United States; \n • the rate at which existing self-pay subscribers buy and sell new and used vehicles in the United States; \n • our ability to convince owners and lessees of new and previously owned vehicles that include satellite radios to purchase subscriptions to our service; \n • the effectiveness of our marketing programs; \n • the entertainment value of our programming; and \n • actions by our competitors, such as terrestrial radio and other audio entertainment and information providers. \n As part of our business, we experience, and expect to experience in the future, subscriber turnover (i.e., churn).  Some elements of our business strategy may result in churn increasing.  For example, our efforts to increase the penetration of satellite radios in new, lower priced vehicle lines may result in the growth of economy-minded subscribers; our work to acquire subscribers purchasing or leasing pre-owned vehicles may attract subscribers of more limited economic means; and our product and marketing efforts may attract more price sensitive subscribers. \n If we are unable to retain current subscribers at expected rates, or the costs of retaining subscribers are higher than expected, our financial performance and operating results could be adversely affected.  We cannot predict how successful we will be at retaining customers who purchase or lease vehicles that include a prepaid promotional subscription to our satellite radio service.  We spend substantial amounts on advertising and marketing and in transactions with automakers, retailers and others to obtain and attract subscribers. \n Average monthly revenue per subscriber, which we refer to as ARPU, is another key metric we use to analyze our business.  Over the past several years, we have focused substantial attention and efforts on balancing ARPU and subscriber additions.  Our ability to increase or maintain ARPU over time is uncertain and depends upon various factors, including: \n • the value consumers perceive in our service; \n • our ability to add and retain compelling programming; \n • the increasing competition we experience from terrestrial and Internet radio and other audio entertainment and information providers; \n • our ability to increase prices; and \n • discounted offers we may make to attract new subscribers and retain existing subscribers. \n Our profitability could be adversely affected if we are unable to consistently attract new subscribers and retain our current subscribers at prices and margins consistent with our past performance. \n Our business depends in large part upon the auto industry. \n A substantial portion of our subscription growth has come from purchasers and lessees of new and previously owned automobiles in the United States.  The sale and lease of vehicles with satellite radios is an important source of subscribers for our satellite radio service.  We have agreements with every major automaker to include satellite radios in new vehicles, although these agreements do not require automakers to install specific or minimum quantities of radios in any given period. \n Automotive production and sales are dependent on many factors, including the availability of consumer credit, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and fuel costs.  To the extent vehicle sales by automakers decline, or the penetration of factory-installed satellite radios in those vehicles is reduced, subscriber growth for our satellite radio services may be adversely impacted. \n Sales of previously owned vehicles represent an increasing source of new subscribers for us.  We have agreements with various auto dealers and certain companies operating in the used vehicle market to provide us with data on sales of previously owned satellite radio enabled vehicles.  The continuing availability of this information is important to our future growth. \n General economic conditions can affect our business. \n The purchase of a satellite radio subscription is discretionary, and our business and our financial condition can be negatively affected by general economic conditions.  Poor general economic conditions can adversely affect subscriber churn, conversion rates and vehicle sales. \n Failure of our satellites would significantly damage our business. \n The lives of our satellites will vary and depend on a number of factors, including: \n • degradation and durability of solar panels; \n • quality of construction; \n • random failure of satellite components, which could result in significant damage to or loss of a satellite; \n • amount of fuel the satellite consumes; and \n • damage or destruction by electrostatic storms, collisions with other objects in space or other events, such as nuclear detonations, occurring in space. \n In the ordinary course of operation, satellites experience failures of component parts and operational and performance anomalies.  Components on our in-orbit satellites have failed; and from time to time we have experienced anomalies in the operation and performance of these satellites.  These failures and anomalies are expected to continue in the ordinary course, and we cannot predict if any of these possible future events will have a material adverse effect on our operations or the life of our existing in-orbit satellites.  Any material failure of our satellites could cause us to lose customers and could materially harm our reputation and our operating results. \n Three of the Sirius in-orbit satellites have experienced degradation on their solar arrays.  The degradation these satellites have experienced does not affect current operations.  Additional degradation on three Sirius satellites could reduce the estimated lives of those satellites. \n Our XM-1 and XM-2 satellites, launched in 2001, experienced progressive degradation problems common to early Boeing 702 class satellites, reached the end of their depreciable lives in 2013 and are expected to be removed from orbit in 2014.  Our FM-5 and XM-5 satellites, launched in 2009 and 2010, respectively, have experienced minor degradation on their solar arrays which do not affect current operations. We estimate that our FM-5 and XM-5 satellites will meet their 15-year estimated depreciable lives.  Our XM-3 and XM-4 satellites have experienced circuit failures on their solar arrays which do not affect current operations.  Additional circuit failures on the satellites could reduce the estimated lives of those satellites.   We estimate that our XM-3 satellite, launched in 2005, and our XM-4 satellite, launched in 2006, will meet their 15-year estimated depreciable lives. We estimate that our FM-6 satellite, launched in 2013, will meet its 15-year estimated depreciable life. \n Our XM-5 satellite serves as an in-orbit spare for both of our services.  In the event of a failure of XM-3, XM-4 or any of the Sirius satellites, service would be maintained through XM-5. \n In addition, our Sirius network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single third-party satellite.  Our XM network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single XM satellite.  If the satellites communicating with the applicable repeater network fail unexpectedly, the services would be disrupted for several hours or longer. \n Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could negatively impact our results and our brand. \n We operate a complex and growing business.  We offer a wide variety of subscription packages at different price points.  Our business is dependent on the operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of certain third party service providers.  Any degradation in the quality, or any failure, of our systems could reduce our revenues, cause us to lose customers and damage our brand.  Although we have implemented practices designed to maintain the availability of our information technology systems and mitigate the harm of any unplanned interruptions, we cannot anticipate all eventualities.  We occasionally experience unplanned outages or technical difficulties.  We could also experience loss of data or processing capabilities, which could cause us to lose customers and could materially harm our reputation and our operating results. \n Our data centers and our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems. \n If hackers were able to circumvent our security measures, we could lose proprietary information or personal information or experience significant disruptions.  If our systems become unavailable or suffer a security breach, we may be required to expend significant resources to address these problems, including notification under various federal and state data privacy regulations, and our reputation and operating results could suffer. \n We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and service providers to take, fulfill and handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems could prevent us from servicing customers or cause data to be unintentionally disclosed. \n If we fail to protect the security of personal information about our customers, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and our reputation could suffer. \n The nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of personal information about our subscribers. If we experience a data security breach, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation.  In addition, our subscribers and potential customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue usage of our services.  Such events could lead to lost future sales and adversely affect our results of operations. \n Royalties for music rights have increased and there can be no assurance they will not continue to increase in the future. \n We must maintain music programming royalty arrangements with, and pay license fees to, BMI, ASCAP and SESAC.  These organizations negotiate with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to songwriters and music publishers.  We have agreements with ASCAP, BMI and SESAC through 2016.  There can be no assurance that the royalties we pay to ASCAP, SESAC, BMI and other songwriters and music publishers will not increase upon expiration of these arrangements. \n Under the Digital Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act of 1995 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, we also must pay royalties to copyright owners of sound recordings.  Those royalty rates may be established through negotiation or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, by the CRB.  Owners of copyrights in sound recordings have created SoundExchange, a collective organization, to collect and distribute royalties.  SoundExchange is exempt by statute from certain U.S. antitrust laws and exercises significant market power in the licensing of sound recordings.  Under the terms of the CRB's decision governing sound recording royalties for the five-year period ending on December 31, 2017, we will pay a royalty based on gross revenues, subject to certain exclusions, of 9.5% for 2014, 10.0% for 2015, 10.5% for 2016, and 11% for 2017. \n The unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation could have a material adverse effect. \n We are parties to several legal proceedings arising out of various aspects of our business, including patent infringement suits, class action lawsuits alleging violations of consumer protection statutes, suits seeking compensation for our use of sound recordings fixed prior to 1972 and actions seeking damages for purported violations of the telephone consumer protection act.  We are defending all claims against us.  The outcome of these proceedings may not be favorable, and an unfavorable outcome may have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results. \n We may not realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic initiatives, including the acquisition of Agero’s connected vehicle business. \n Our business strategy may include selective acquisitions or other strategic initiatives that allow us to expand our business.  The success of any acquisition, including our acquisition of Agero’s connected vehicle business, depends upon effective integration of acquired businesses and assets into our operations, which is subject to risks and uncertainties, including realization of any anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract personnel, the diversion of management’s attention for other business concerns, and undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of the acquired business or assets. \n Rapid technological and industry changes could adversely impact our services. \n The audio entertainment industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent product innovations, changes in customer requirements and expectations, and evolving standards.  If we are unable to keep pace with these changes, our business may not succeed. Products using new technologies, or emerging industry standards, could make our technologies less competitive in the marketplace. \n Failure of third parties to perform could adversely affect our business. \n Our business depends, in part, on various third parties, including: \n • manufacturers that build and distribute satellite radios; \n • companies that manufacture and sell integrated circuits for satellite radios; \n • programming providers and on-air talent; \n • vendors that operate our call centers; \n • retailers that market and sell satellite radios and promote subscriptions to our services; and \n • vendors that have designed or built, and vendors that support or operate, other important elements of our systems. \n If one or more of these third parties do not perform in a satisfactory or timely manner, our business could be adversely affected.  In addition, a number of third parties on which we depend have experienced, and may in the future experience, financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy protection. Such third parties may not be able to perform their obligations to us in a timely manner, if at all, as a result of their financial condition or may be relieved of their obligations to us as part of seeking bankruptcy protection. \n We design, establish specifications, source or specify parts and components, and manage various aspects of the logistics and production of radios.  As a result of these activities, we may be exposed to liabilities associated with the design, manufacture and distribution of radios that the providers of an entertainment service would not customarily be subject to, such as liabilities for design defects, patent infringement and compliance with applicable laws, as well as the costs of returned product. \n Changes in consumer protection laws and their enforcement could damage our business. \n We engage in extensive marketing efforts to attract and retain subscribers to our services.  We employ a wide variety of communications tools as part of our marketing campaigns, including telemarketing efforts; print, television, radio and online advertising; and email solicitations. \n Consumer protection laws, rules and regulations are extensive and have developed rapidly, particularly at the state level.  Consumer protection laws in certain jurisdictions cover nearly all aspects of our marketing efforts, including the content of our advertising, the terms of consumer offers and the manner in which we communicate with subscribers and prospective subscribers.  We are engaged in considerable efforts to ensure that all our activities comply with federal and state laws, rules and regulations relating to consumer protection, including laws relating to privacy.  Modifications to federal and state laws, rules and regulations concerning consumer protection, including decisions by federal and state courts and agencies interpreting these laws, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our services.  While we monitor the changes in and interpretations of these laws in consumer-related settlements and decisions, and while we believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws, there can be no assurances that new laws or regulations will not be enacted or adopted, preexisting laws or regulations will not be more strictly enforced or that our varied operations will continue to comply with all applicable laws, which might adversely affect our operations. \n A Multistate Working Group of 32 State Attorneys General, led by the Attorney General of the State of Ohio, is investigating certain of our consumer practices.  The investigation focuses on practices relating to the cancellation of subscriptions; automatic renewal of subscriptions; charging, billing, collecting, and refunding or crediting of payments from consumers; and soliciting customers.  Separate investigations into our consumer practices are being conducted by the Attorneys General of the State of Florida and New York. \n Failure to comply with FCC requirements could damage our business. \n We hold FCC licenses and authorizations to operate commercial satellite radio services in the United States, including authorizations for satellites and terrestrial repeaters, and related authorizations.  The FCC generally grants licenses and authorizations for a fixed term.  Although we expect our licenses and authorizations to be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case.  Any assignment or transfer of control of any of our FCC licenses or authorizations must be approved in advance by the FCC. \n The operation of our satellite radio systems is subject to significant regulation by the FCC under authority granted through the Communications Act of 1934 and related federal law.  We are required, among other things, to operate only within specified frequencies; to meet certain conditions regarding the interoperability of our satellite radios with those of other licensed satellite radio systems; to coordinate our satellite radio services with radio systems operating in the same range of frequencies in neighboring countries; and to coordinate our communications links to our satellites with other systems that operate in the same frequency band.  Noncompliance by us with these requirements or other conditions or with other applicable FCC rules and regulations could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions.  There is no guarantee that Congress will not modify the statutory framework governing our services, or that the FCC will not modify its rules and regulations in a manner that would have a material impact on our operations. \n The terms of our licenses and the order of the FCC approving the Merger requires us to meet certain conditions.  Non-compliance with these conditions could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions. \n Other existing or future government laws and regulations could harm our business. \n We are subject to many other federal, state and local laws.  These laws and regulations cover issues such as user privacy, behavioral advertising, automatic renewal of agreements, pricing, fraud, electronic waste, mobile and electronic device communications, quality of products and services, taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights and information security.  The expansion of these laws, both in terms of their number and their applicability, could harm our business. Similarly, new disclosure and reporting requirements, established under existing or new state or federal laws, such as regulatory rules regarding abusive labor practices in portions of our supply chain, could increase the cost of doing business, adversely affecting our results of operations. \n We may from time to time modify our business plan, and these changes could adversely affect us and our financial condition. \n We regularly evaluate our plans and strategy.  These evaluations often result in changes to our plans and strategy, some of which may be material.  These changes in our plans or strategy may include: the acquisition or termination of unique or compelling programming; the introduction of new features or services; significant new or enhanced distribution arrangements; investments in infrastructure, such as satellites, equipment or radio spectrum; and acquisitions of other businesses, including acquisitions that are not directly related to our satellite radio business. \n Our indebtedness could adversely affect our operations and could limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry. \n As of December 31, 2013, we had an aggregate principal amount of approximately $3.6 billion of indebtedness and an additional $790.0 million available under our Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility.  Our indebtedness has important consequences.  For example, it: \n • increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; \n • requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, reducing the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, marketing and other general corporate activities; \n • limits our ability to borrow additional funds; \n • limits our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the audio entertainment industry; and \n • may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other competitors. \n Certain of the instruments governing our indebtedness contain covenants that, among other things, place certain limitations on our ability to incur more debt, exceed a specified leverage ratio, pay dividends, make distributions, make investments, repurchase stock, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, enter into sale lease-back transactions, merge or consolidate, and transfer or sell assets.  Failure to comply with the covenants associated with our indebtedness could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could cause us to seek the protection of the bankruptcy laws, discontinue operations or seek a purchaser for our business or assets. \n Our broadcast studios, terrestrial repeater networks, satellite uplink facilities or other ground facilities could be damaged by natural catastrophes or terrorist activities. \n An earthquake, tornado, flood, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event could damage our broadcast studios, terrestrial repeater networks or satellite uplink facilities, interrupt our service and harm our business. \n Any damage to the satellites that transmit to our terrestrial repeater networks would likely result in degradation of the affected service for some subscribers and could result in complete loss of service in certain or all areas.  Damage to our satellite uplink facilities could result in a complete loss of our services until we could transfer operations to suitable back-up facilities. \n Holdings’ principal stockholder has significant influence over our management and over actions requiring general stockholder approval and its interests may differ from the interests of other holders of Holdings’ common stock. \n Liberty Media beneficially owns over 50% of Holdings’ common stock.  Two Liberty Media executives and one other member of the board of directors of Liberty Media are members of Holdings’ board of directors.  Gregory B. Maffei, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Media, is the Chairman of Holdings’ board of directors. \n As a result, Liberty Media has the ability to indirectly control our affairs, policies and operations, such as the appointment of management, future issuances of common stock or other securities, the payment of dividends, if any, the incurrence of debt, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the entering into of extraordinary transactions, and their interests may not in all cases be aligned with the interests of other stockholders of Holdings.  In addition, Liberty Media will be able to \n determine the outcome of all matters requiring general stockholder approval and will be able to cause or prevent a change of control of Holdings or a change in the composition of Holdings’ or our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company.  The concentration of ownership could deprive Holdings' stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of Holdings common stock. \n The transaction proposed by Liberty Media may not occur, may increase the volatility of the market price of Holdings’ common stock and will result in certain costs and expenses. \n On January 3, 2014, Holdings’ Board of Directors received a non-binding letter from Liberty Media proposing a transaction pursuant to which all outstanding shares of common stock of Holdings not owned by Liberty Media would be converted into the right to receive new non-voting shares of Liberty Series C common stock. \n The letter provides that no legally binding obligation with respect to any transaction exists unless and until mutually acceptable definitive documentation is executed and delivered with respect thereto.  There can be no assurance that the transaction proposed by Liberty Media or any related transaction will be completed or, if completed, will have any specified terms. \n The market price of Holdings’ common stock may reflect various assumptions as to whether the proposed transaction with Liberty Media will occur.  Variations in the market price of Holdings’ common stock may occur as a result of changing assumptions regarding the proposed transaction, independent of changes in our business, financial condition or prospects or changes in general market or economic conditions.  As a result, a definitive agreement regarding a transaction, or a failure to reach a definitive agreement regarding a transaction, could result in a significant change in the market price of Holdings’ common stock. \n We expect to incur costs in connection with the consideration of Liberty Media’s proposal, including costs of financial and legal advisors to the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Holdings and costs associated with legal actions arising out of Liberty Media’s proposal.  It is difficult to estimate the aggregate amount of such costs, although they could be substantial. \n Holdings is a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing rules and, as a result, qualifies for, and relies on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. \n Holdings is a “controlled company” for the purposes of the NASDAQ Stock Market listing rules.  As such, Holdings has elected not to comply with certain NASDAQ corporate governance requirements.  A majority of the board of directors of Holdings consists of independent directors.  Holdings does not have a compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee that consist entirely of independent directors. \n Our business may be impaired by third-party intellectual property rights. \n Development of our systems has depended upon the intellectual property that we have developed, as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties.  If the intellectual property that we have developed or use is not adequately protected, others will be permitted to and may duplicate portions of our systems or services without liability.  In addition, others may challenge, invalidate, render unenforceable or circumvent our intellectual property rights, patents or existing licenses or we may face significant legal costs in connection with defending and enforcing those intellectual property rights.  Some of the know-how and technology we have developed, and plan to develop, is not now, nor will it be, covered by U.S. patents or trade secret protections.  Trade secret protection and contractual agreements may not provide adequate protection if there is any unauthorized use or disclosure.  The loss of necessary technologies could require us to substitute technologies of lower quality performance standards, at greater cost or on a delayed basis, which could harm us. \n Other parties may have patents or pending patent applications, which will later mature into patents or inventions that may block our ability to operate our system or license technologies.  We may have to resort to litigation to enforce our rights under license agreements or to determine the scope and validity of other parties’ proprietary rights in the subject matter of those licenses. This may be expensive and we may not succeed in any such litigation. \n Third parties may assert claims or bring suit against us for patent, trademark or copyright infringement, or for other infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights.  Any such litigation could result in substantial cost, and diversion of effort and adverse findings in any proceeding could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties; require us to seek licenses from third parties; block our ability to operate our systems or license our technology; or otherwise adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market our satellite radio systems. \n Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements \n We have made various statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements may also be made in our other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, in our press releases and in other documents. In addition, from time to time, we, through our management, may make oral forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those identified above, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. The words “will likely result,” “are expected to,” “will continue,” “is anticipated,” “estimated,” “believe,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely,” “projection,” “outlook” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that the risk factors described above are not exclusive.  There may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements.  New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made.  We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.