Downturn in Economic Environment and Client Spending Budgets Could Impact the Company’s Business: If overall demand for IBM’s products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions or a shift in client buying patterns, the company’s revenue and profit could be impacted. \n The Company May Not Meet Its Growth and Productivity Objectives under Its Internal Business Transformation and Global Integration Initiatives: On an ongoing basis, IBM seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes and changes to the way the company works, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings and investments through the company’s globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company’s competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. \n Failure of Innovation Initiatives Could Impact the Long-Term Success of the Company: IBM has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize artificial intelligence, blockchain, IoT, quantum and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. \n Damage to IBM’s Reputation Could Impact the Company’s Business: IBM has one of the strongest brand names in the world, and its brand and overall reputation could be negatively impacted by many factors, including if the company does not continue to be recognized for its industry-leading technology and solutions and as a cognitive leader. IBM’s reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by events such as significant disputes with clients, product defects, internal control deficiencies, delivery failures, cybersecurity incidents, government investigations or legal proceedings or actions of current or former clients, directors, employees, competitors, vendors, alliance partners or joint venture partners. If the company’s brand image is tarnished by negative perceptions, its ability to attract and retain customers and talent could be impacted. \n Risks from Investing in Growth Opportunities Could Impact the Company’s Business: The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments. Additionally, emerging business and delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for our other products or services. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, emerging business models and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM’s costs may increase. \n IBM’s Intellectual Property Portfolio May Not Prevent Competitive Offerings, and IBM May Not Be Able to Obtain Necessary Licenses: The company’s patents and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from independently developing products and services similar to or duplicative to the company’s, nor can there be any assurance that the resources invested by the company to protect its intellectual property will be sufficient or that the company’s intellectual property portfolio will adequately deter misappropriation or improper use of the company’s technology. In addition, the company may be the target of aggressive and opportunistic enforcement of patents by third parties, including non-practicing entities. Also, there can be no assurances that IBM will be able to obtain from third parties the licenses it needs in the future. The company’s ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. \n Certain of the Company’s offerings incorporate open source software licensed without warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections. If the code is no longer maintained by the relevant open source community, then it may be more difficult to make the necessary revisions to the software, including modifications to address security