We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be
harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our Class A common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 
 If Facebook changes its standard terms and conditions for developers in a way that is
detrimental to us, our business will suffer. 
 Facebook is currently the primary distribution, marketing, promotion and
payment platform for our games. To date, we have derived a significant portion of our bookings (81% in 2012) and revenue (86% in 2012) and acquired substantially all of our players through Facebook. We expect to continue to derive a significant
portion of our bookings and revenue from the Facebook platform for the foreseeable future. Except for the addenda described below, we are subject to Facebook’s standard terms and conditions for application developers, which govern the
promotion, distribution and operation of games and other applications on the Facebook platform, and which are subject to change by Facebook at its sole discretion at any time. If Facebook changes its standard terms and conditions in a way that is
detrimental to us, our business would be harmed and our operating results would be adversely affected. 
 We have entered into
two addenda to Facebook’s standard terms of service that govern the distribution, promotion and operation of our games through the Facebook platform. The first addendum required us to use Facebook Credits as the primary payment method for any
of our games that are either on the Facebook platform or that utilize the data from the Facebook social graph, and requires Facebook to remit to us an amount equal to 70% of the price stated to our players. The second addendum obligated us to use
Facebook Credits as the sole in-game payment mechanism in any games launched on our own social gaming network, and entitled Facebook to retain 30% of the stated price for transactions on our network. The second addendum also required us to use
Facebook as the exclusive social platform for the Zynga properties and to exclusively launch certain of our games on the Facebook platform for up to twelve months, subject to certain exceptions. 
 In June 2012, Facebook announced its plans to discontinue the use of Facebook Credits and
instead will offer pricing of our virtual goods in local currencies. Facebook will continue to retain 30% of the stated price for transactions on their platform under the terms of their new payments program. We expect to begin our transition away
from Facebook Credits and to adopt Facebook’s local currency-based payments model in the first half of 2013. 
 On
November 28, 2012, we amended our agreements with Facebook such that our use of the Facebook platform and any data from Facebook on any Zynga service offered through a Zynga game page (for example, the With Friends Network) will be governed by
Facebook’s standard terms of service beginning on March 31, 2013. Under the current terms of service, we will be limited in our ability to use a Facebook user’s friends list and Facebook’s communication channels to promote the
With Friends Network. This may limit our ability to reach Facebook users from the With Friends Network and may limit the number of players that use the With Friends Network. In December 2012, Facebook amended its standard terms of service to
prohibit (i) apps on the Facebook canvas from promoting or linking to game sites other than Facebook and (ii) the use of emails obtained from Facebook to promote or link to desktop web games on platforms other than Facebook. We will be
prohibited from cross-promoting traffic to games that are offered on platforms other than Facebook from our games on Facebook. We will not be permitted to use e-mail addresses obtained from Facebook to promote desktop web games that are not on the
Facebook platform, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
 Beginning on March 31, 2013, we will no longer be obligated to
display Facebook advertising units or utilize Facebook’s payment services (Facebook Credits and/or local-currency based payments) on any such Zynga game pages. We will have the right to process our own payments, and Facebook will no longer have
the right to receive 30% of the proceeds from payments made on the With Friends Network. 
 In addition, as of March 31,
2013, we will no longer be required to use Facebook as the exclusive social platform for the Zynga properties, or be required to grant certain title exclusivities of Zynga games on the Facebook platform, subject to certain exceptions. However, any
social game launched after March 31, 2013 by Zynga will generally be available through the Facebook web site concurrent with, or shortly following, the time such game is made available on another social platform or a Zynga property. 
 The addenda, including our recent amendments, with Facebook will each expire in 2015. Our current agreements with Facebook allow our
users to use Zynga/Facebook co-branded game cards for the redemption of Facebook Credits and also allows for our own Zynga game cards, which were previously printed and delivered to our distributors and retailers, to continue to be sold to game
players until all such cards are sold. We do not plan to print and sell more of our own cards for redemption on the Facebook platform, however we have the right to sell our own game cards on other platforms, including on the With Friends Network
after March 31, 2013. 
 Our business may be harmed if: 
 Facebook discontinues or limits access to its platform by us; 
 Facebook terminates or does not renew or modifies our addenda or seeks to terminate our contractual relationship altogether; 
 Facebook determines that we are a competitor or otherwise prohibits us from offering our games on the Facebook platform; 
 Facebook modifies its terms of service or other policies, including fees charged to, or other restrictions on, us, other application developers, or
Facebook changes how the personal information of its users is made available to application developers on the Facebook platform or shared by users; 
 Facebook establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors; or 
 Facebook develops its own competitive offerings. 
 In addition, we have benefited from Facebook’s strong brand recognition and large user
base. If Facebook loses its market position or otherwise falls out of favor with Internet users or other factors cause its user base to stop growing or shrink, we would need to identify alternative channels for marketing, promoting and distributing
our games, which would consume substantial resources and may not be effective, or available at all. As noted above, Facebook has broad discretion to change its terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers, and those
changes may be unfavorable to us. For example, starting in April 2011, Facebook’s policy requiring that applications on Facebook accept only its virtual currency, Facebook Credits, as payment from users, provided Facebook with a greater share
of payments made by our players than it did when other payment options were allowed. Facebook may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of the Facebook platform, change how the personal information of its users is
made available to application developers on the Facebook platform or restrict how Facebook users can share information with friends on their platform or across platforms other than Facebook. Beginning in early 2010, Facebook changed its policies for
application developers regarding use of its communication channels. These changes limited the level of communication among users about applications on the Facebook platform. As a result, the number of our players on Facebook declined. In addition,
Facebook’s policy requiring that applications on Facebook accept only Facebook Credits as payment from users provided Facebook with a greater share of payments made by our players than it did when other payment options were allowed. Our current
agreements with Facebook allow our users to use Zynga-branded game cards for the redemption of Facebook Credits in our games on Facebook. Our game cards that were previously printed and delivered to our distributors and retailers may continue to be
sold to game players until all such cards are sold. We do not plan to print and sell more of our cards for redemption on the Facebook platform; however, we have the right to sell our own game cards for use on other platforms, including the With
Friends Network after March 31, 2013. Our future bookings and revenue may be negatively impacted during this transition period and upon the expiration of our game card program. Any such changes in the future could significantly alter how
players experience or interact within our games, which may harm our business. 
 We operate in a new and rapidly changing industry, which
makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. 
 The social game industry, through which we derive
substantially all of our revenue, is a new and rapidly evolving industry. The growth of the social game industry and the level of demand and market acceptance of our games are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. Our future operating results
will depend on numerous factors affecting the social game industry, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 our ability to extend our brand and games to mobile platforms and the timing and success of such mobile game launches; 
 continued worldwide growth in the adoption and use of Facebook and other social networks; 
 changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 
 the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment; 
 the worldwide growth of personal computer, broadband Internet and mobile device users, and the rate of any such growth; 
 the transition of our players from the web to mobile devices; and 
 general economic conditions, particularly economic conditions adversely affecting discretionary consumer spending. 
 Our ability to plan for game development, distribution and promotional activities will be significantly affected by our ability to
anticipate and adapt to relatively rapid changes in the tastes and preferences of our current and potential players. New and different types of entertainment may increase in popularity at the expense of social games. A decline in the popularity of
social games in general, or our games in particular would harm our business and prospects. 
 Our growth prospects may suffer if the With Friends Network is unsuccessful. 
 We plan to expand our With Friends Network in 2013 to be more accessible to both web players and mobile players alike to make games more
engaging, more social and more profitable. We began this effort with our beta launch of Zynga.com on the web in 2012. Our ability to increase our player base and revenue will depend, in part, on the successful operation and growth of the With
Friends Network, including its extension to mobile. If the With Friends Network fails to engage players, interest third-party game developers or attract advertisers, we may fail to generate sufficient revenue or bookings to justify our investment in
the development and operation of the With Friends Network. We have limited experience launching third-party developed games on the With Friends Network, or supporting games developed by third parties. We may also encounter technical and operational
challenges operating a network 
 On November 28, 2012, we amended our agreements with Facebook such that our use of the
Facebook platform and any data from Facebook on any Zynga service offered through a Zynga game page (for example, the With Friends Network) will be governed by Facebook’s standard terms of service beginning on March 31, 2013. Under the
current terms of service, we will be limited in our ability to use a Facebook user’s friends list and Facebook’s communication channels to promote the With Friends Network. This may limit our ability to reach Facebook users from the With
Friends Network, and may limit the number of players that use the With Friends Network. In December 2012, Facebook amended its standard terms of service to prohibit (i) apps on the Facebook canvas from promoting or linking to game sites other
than Facebook and (ii) the use of emails obtained from Facebook to promote or link to desktop web games on platforms other than Facebook. We will be prohibited from cross-promoting traffic to games that are offered on platforms other than
Facebook from our games on Facebook. We will not be permitted to use e-mail addresses obtained from Facebook to promote desktop web games that are not on the Facebook platform, subject to certain limited exceptions. If we are not successful with the
overall monetization of the With Friends Network, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated and our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Our revenue, bookings and operating margins may decline. 
 From 2010
to 2011, our revenue increased from $0.60 billion to $1.14 billion and from 2011 to 2012, our revenue increased from $1.14 billion to $1.28 billion, which represent an annual increase of 91% and 12%, respectively. From 2010 to 2011, our bookings
increased from $0.84 billion to $1.16 billion, which represents an annual increase of 38%, and from 2011 to 2012 our bookings decreased from $1.16 billion to $1.15 billion, which represents an annual decrease of approximately 1%. We expect that our
revenue and bookings will decline in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, we believe that our operating margin will continue to experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and the need for increased operating expenditures
for many aspects of our business. Further, the increased stock-based expense associated with restricted stock units (“ZSUs”) issued to our directors, employees and consultants, which we had not recognized prior to our initial public
offering, will also exert downward pressure on our operating margin. We expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on game development, including mobile games, the expansion of our With Friends Network, international
expansion and our network infrastructure. Our operating costs will increase if we do not effectively manage costs. In addition, weak economic conditions or other factors could cause our business to contract, requiring us to implement significant
additional cost cutting measures, including a decrease in research and development, which could harm our long-term growth. 
 Our growth
prospects will suffer if we are unable to continue to develop successful games for mobile platforms or successfully monetize mobile games we develop or acquire. 
 Developing games for mobile platforms is an important component of our strategy. We have devoted and we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to the development of our mobile games, and we
cannot guarantee that we will continue to develop games that appeal to players or advertisers. In addition, we may encounter difficulty in integrating features on games developed for mobile platforms that a sufficient number of players will pay for
or otherwise sufficiently monetizing mobile games. Generally, our mobile games monetize at a lower rate than our web-based games and we may not be successful in our efforts to increase our monetization 
 from mobile games. If we are unable to implement successful monetization strategies for our mobile games, our ability to grow revenue and our financial performance will be negatively affected. 
 Our ability to successfully develop games for mobile platforms will depend on our ability to: 
 anticipate and effectively respond to the growing number of players switching from web-based to mobile games, the changing mobile landscape and the
interests of players on mobile platforms; 
 attract, retain and motivate talented game designers, product managers and engineers who have experience developing games for mobile platforms; 
 expand on our current mobile games; 
 effectively market new mobile games to our existing web-based players and players of our current mobile games; 
 expand our With Friends Network to mobile; 
 minimize launch delays and cost overruns on the development of new games; 
 effectively monetize mobile games without degrading the social game experience for our players; 
 develop games that provide for a compelling and optimal user experience through existing and developing third party technologies, including third party
software and middleware utilized by our players; and 
 acquire and successfully integrate high quality mobile game assets, personnel or companies. 
 These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will succeed in continuing to develop successful mobile games. If we
do not succeed in doing so, our growth prospects will suffer. 
 Any failure or significant interruption in our network could impact our
operations and harm our business. 
 Our technology infrastructure is critical to the performance of our games and to
player satisfaction. Our games run on a complex distributed system, or what is commonly known as cloud computing. We own, operate and maintain the primary elements of this system, but some elements of this system are operated by third parties that
we do not control and which would require significant time to replace. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes,
human or software errors and capacity constraints. For example, the operation of 
 was interrupted for several hours in April of 2011 and the operation of most of our games was interrupted for several hours in January of 2013, in each
case due to network outages. If a particular game is unavailable when players attempt to access it or navigation through a game is slower than they expect, players may stop playing the game and may be less likely to return to the game as often, if
at all. A failure or significant interruption in our game service would harm our reputation and operations. We expect to continue to make significant investments to our technology infrastructure to maintain and improve all aspects of player
experience and game performance. To the extent that our disaster recovery systems are not adequate, or we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture
to accommodate increasing traffic, our business and operating results may suffer. We do not maintain insurance policies covering losses relating to our systems and we do not have business interruption insurance. 
 CityVille 
 Security breaches, computer viruses and computer hacking attacks could harm our business, reputation, brand and results of operations. 
 Security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks have become more prevalent in our industry, have
occurred on our systems in the past and may occur on our systems in the future. Any security 
 breach caused by hacking, which involves efforts to gain unauthorized access to information or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware or
other computer equipment, and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. We have experienced and will continue to experience hacking attacks. Because of our prominence in the
social game industry, we believe we are a particularly attractive target for hackers. 
 In addition, our games involve the
storage and transmission of players’ personal information in our facilities and on our equipment, networks and corporate systems. Security breaches could expose us to litigation, remediation costs, increased costs for security measures, loss of
revenue, damage to our reputation and potential liability. Our player data and corporate systems and security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, a combination of these, or otherwise, and, as
a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data or our players’ data. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or players to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our
players’ data. We must continuously examine and modify our security controls and business policies to address the use of new devices and technologies enabling players to share data and communicate in new ways, and the increasing focus by our
players and regulators on controlling and protecting user data. 
 Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access,
disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently or may be designed to remain dormant until a predetermined event and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or
implement adequate preventative measures. Though it is difficult to determine what harm may directly result from any specific interruption or breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our network
infrastructure to the satisfaction of our players may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing players and attract new players. 
 If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose players, and we could suffer financial exposure
due to such events or in connection with remediation efforts, investigation costs, changed security, and system protection measures. 
 We
rely on a small portion of our total players for nearly all of our revenue. 
 Compared to all players who play our games
in any period, only a small portion are paying players. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we had approximately 3.4 million MUPs (excluding payers who use certain payment methods for which unique payer data is not available), who
represent approximately two percent of our total players. We lose players in the ordinary course of business. In order to sustain our revenue levels, we must attract, retain and increase the number of players or more effectively monetize our
players. To retain players, we must devote significant resources so that the games they play retain their interest and attract them to our other games. If we fail to grow or sustain the number of our players, or if the rates at which we attract and
retain players declines or if the average amount our players pay declines, our business may not grow and our financial results will suffer. 
 We have a new business model and a short operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future financial results and may
increase the risk that we will not be successful. 
 We began operations in April 2007, and we have a short operating
history and a new business model, which makes it difficult to effectively assess our future prospects. Our business model is based on offering games that are free to play. To date, only a small portion of our players pay for virtual goods. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our human resources, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 We have experienced significant turnover in our headcount over the last year, which has placed and will continue to place significant
demands on our management and our operational, financial and technological 
 infrastructure. As of December 31, 2012, approximately 35% of our employees had been with us for less than one year and approximately 70% for less than two years. We have implemented certain
cost reduction initiatives to better align our operating expenses with our revenue, including reducing our headcount, rationalizing our product pipeline, reducing marketing and technology expenditures and consolidating certain facilities, and we
plan to continue to manage costs to better and more efficiently manage our business. However, we must continue to expend significant resources to identify, hire, integrate, develop, motivate and retain a large number of qualified employees. Our cost
reduction initiatives could negatively impact our ability to hire and retain key employees. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs, successfully integrate our new hires and retain key employees, our ability to continue launching new games
and enhance existing games, including in each case on mobile, and to expand our With Friends Network, could suffer. 
 To
effectively manage our business and operations, we will need to continue to focus on spending significant resources to improve our technology infrastructure, our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and
procedures by, among other things: 
 monitoring and updating our technology infrastructure to maintain high performance and minimize down time; 
 enhancing information and communication systems to ensure that our employees and offices around the world are well-coordinated and can effectively
communicate with each other; and 
 enhancing our internal controls to ensure timely and accurate reporting of all of our operations. 
 These enhancements and improvements will require capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. In addition, we
cannot be sure that the cost reduction initiatives will be as successful in reducing our overall expenses as expected or that additional costs will not offset any such reductions. If our operating costs are higher than we expect or if we do not
maintain adequate control of our costs and expenses, our operating results will suffer. 
 Our core values of focusing on our players
first and acting for the long term may conflict with the short-term interests of our business. 
 One of our core values
is to focus on surprising and delighting our players, which we believe is essential to our success and serves the best, long-term interests of Zynga and our stakeholders. Therefore, we have made in the past and we may make in the future, significant
investments or changes in strategy that we think will benefit our players, even if our decision negatively impacts our operating results in the short term. For example, in late 2009 and in 2010 we reduced in-game advertising offers in order to
improve player experience. This decrease in in-game offers led to a reduction of advertising revenue in 2010 as compared to 2009. Our decisions may not result in the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case the success of our games, business
and operating results could be harmed. 
 If we lose the services of our founder and Chief Executive Officer or certain other members of
our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 
 Our success depends in a large part
upon the continued service of our senior management team. In particular, our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Pincus, is critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture, products and technology. We do not maintain key-man insurance for
Mr. Pincus or any other member of our senior management team. The loss of our founder and Chief Executive Officer or certain other members of senior management could harm our business. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain highly qualified employees, we may not be able to grow effectively. 
 Our ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts and talents of our employees. Such employees, particularly game designers, product managers, engineers and executives are in high
demand, and we 
 devote significant resources to identifying, recruiting, hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees. We have historically hired a number of key personnel through
acquisitions, and as competition with other game companies for attractive target companies with a skilled employee base increases, we may incur significant expenses in continuing this practice. The loss of talented employees or the inability to hire
skilled employees as replacements could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. If we do not succeed in
recruiting, retaining, and motivating our key employees to achieve a high level of success or if we do not attract new key personnel, we may be unable to grow our business or execute our business strategy and as a result, our revenue and
profitability may decline. We believe that two critical components of our success and our ability to retain our best people are our culture and our competitive compensation practices. As we continue to develop the infrastructure of a public company,
we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture. In addition, some of our employees may have been motivated to work for us by an expectation that our Class A common stock would be trading at a higher value
and may be less motivated by the equity compensation they receive as a result. Competitors may leverage any resulting disappointment as a tool to recruit talented employees. Despite this, many of our employees may still be able to receive
significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. In addition, there may also be disparities of wealth between those of our employees whom we hired prior to our initial
public offering in December 2011 and those who joined us after we became a public company, which may harm our culture and relations among employees. We have recently experienced attrition at higher levels than we have in the past, in part as a
result of our transition to a public company. In addition, we have recently begun implementing certain cost reduction initiatives to better align our operating expenses with our revenue, including reducing our headcount, and these cost reduction
initiatives could negatively impact our ability to hire and retain key employees. 
 An increasing number of individuals are utilizing
devices other than personal computers to access the Internet, and versions of our games developed for these devices might not gain widespread adoption, or may not function as intended. 
 The number of individuals who access the Internet through devices other than a personal computer, such as smart phones, tablets,
televisions and set-top box devices, has increased dramatically, and we believe this trend is likely to continue. The generally lower processing speed, power, functionality and memory associated with these devices make playing our games through such
devices more difficult and the versions of our games developed for these devices may not be compelling to players. In addition, each device manufacturer or platform provider may establish unique or restrictive terms and conditions for developers on
such devices or platforms, and our games may not work well or be viewable on these devices as a result. To expand our business, we will need to support a number of alternative devices and technologies. Once developed, we may choose to port or
convert a game into separate versions for alternative devices with different technological requirements. As new devices and new mobile platforms or updates to platforms are continually being released, we may encounter problems in developing versions
of our games for use on these alternative devices and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such devices and platforms. If we are unable to successfully expand the platforms and devices on which our
games are available, or if the versions of our games that we create for alternative platforms and devices are not compelling to our players, our business will suffer. 
 Expansion into international markets is important for our growth, and as we expand internationally, we will face additional business, political, regulatory, operational, financial and economic
risks, any of which could increase our costs and hinder our growth. 
 Continuing to expand our business to attract
players in countries other than the United States is a critical element of our business strategy. An important part of targeting international markets is developing offerings that are localized and customized for the players in those markets. We
have a limited operating history as a company outside of the United States. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to international expansion through acquisitions, the establishment of additional offices and development studios, and
increasing our foreign 
 language offerings. Our ability to expand our business and to attract talented employees and players in an increasing number of international markets will require considerable management
attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems and commercial
infrastructures. We have experienced difficulties in the past and have not been successful in all the countries we have entered. We may not be able to offer our games in certain countries. Expanding our international focus may subject us to risks
that we have not faced before or increase risks that we currently face, including risks associated with: 
 recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and employees in foreign countries; 
 challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; 
 developing and customizing games and other offerings that appeal to the tastes and preferences of players in international markets; 
 competition from local game makers with intellectual property rights and significant market share in those markets and with a better understanding of
player preferences; 
 utilizing, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights; 
 negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are sufficiently economically beneficial to us and protective of our rights; 
 the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content or technology into new jurisdictions; 
 implementing alternative payment methods for virtual goods in a manner that complies with local laws and practices and protects us from fraud; 
 compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including privacy laws and laws relating to content; 
 compliance with anti-bribery laws including without limitation, compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 
 credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 protectionist laws and business practices that favor local businesses in some countries; 
 foreign tax consequences; 
 foreign exchange controls or U.S. tax restrictions that might restrict or prevent us from repatriating income earned in countries outside the United
States; 
 political, economic and social instability; 
 higher costs associated with doing business internationally; 
 export or import regulations; and 
 trade and tariff restrictions. 
 Entering new international markets will be expensive, our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular market is uncertain, and the distraction of our senior management team could harm
our business. 
 Competition within the broader entertainment industry is intense and our existing and potential players may be attracted
to competing forms of entertainment such as offline and traditional online games, television, movies and sports, as well as other entertainment options on the Internet. 
 Our players face a vast array of entertainment choices. Other forms of entertainment, such as offline, traditional online, personal computer and console games, television, movies, sports, RMG and the
Internet, are 
 much larger and more well-established markets and may be perceived by our players to offer greater variety, affordability, interactivity and enjoyment. These other forms of entertainment compete
for the discretionary time and income of our players. If we are unable to sustain sufficient interest in our games in comparison to other forms of entertainment, including new forms of entertainment, our business model may no longer be viable. 
 Competition in the social game industry is intense. 
 The social game industry is highly competitive and we expect more companies to enter the sector and a wider range of social games to be introduced. Our competitors that develop social games for social
networks vary in size and include companies such as Electronic Arts Inc., DeNA Co. Ltd. (Japan), The Walt Disney Company, Crowdstar, Inc., Vostu, King.com and Wooga. In addition, online game developers and distributors who are primarily focused on
specific international markets, such as Tencent Holdings Limited in Asia, and high-profile companies with significant online presences that to date have not developed social games, such as Facebook, Google Inc. and Microsoft Corporation, may decide
to develop social games. Some of these current and potential competitors have significant resources for developing or acquiring additional games, may be able to incorporate their own strong brands and assets into their games, have a more diversified
set of revenue sources than we do and may be less severely affected by changes in consumer preferences, regulations or other developments that may impact the online social game industry. In addition, we have limited experience in developing games
for mobile and other platforms and our ability to succeed on those platforms is uncertain. As we continue to devote significant resources to developing games for those platforms, we will face significant competition from established companies,
including Electronic Arts Inc., GREE International, Inc., DeNA, Gameloft SA, Glu Mobile Inc., Disney and Rovio Mobile Ltd. We expect new mobile-game competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more resources to develop and
market competing games and applications. 
 The value of our virtual goods is highly dependent on how we manage the economies in our
games. If we fail to manage our game economies properly, our business may suffer. 
 Paying players purchase virtual
goods in our games because of the perceived value of these goods which is dependent on the relative ease of securing an equivalent good via non-paid means within the game. The perceived value of these virtual goods can be impacted by an increase in
the availability of free or discounted Facebook Credits and/or Facebook’s local-currency based payments, or by various actions that we take in the games including offering discounts for virtual goods, giving away virtual goods in promotions or
providing easier non-paid means to secure these goods. If we fail to manage our virtual economies properly, players may be less likely to purchase virtual goods and our business may suffer. 
 Some of our players may make sales and/or purchases of virtual goods used in our games through unauthorized third-party websites, which may impede our revenue growth. 
 Virtual goods in our games have no monetary value outside of our games. Nonetheless, some of our players may make sales and/or purchases
of our virtual goods, such as 
 virtual poker chips, through unauthorized third-party sellers in exchange for real currency. These unauthorized transactions are usually arranged on third-party websites and the virtual goods offered
may have been obtained through unauthorized means such as exploiting vulnerabilities in our games or from scamming our players with fake offers or virtual goods or other game benefits. We do not generate any revenue from these transactions, or have
any control over them. Accordingly, these unauthorized purchases and sales from third-party sellers could impede our revenue and profit growth by, among other things: 
 Zynga Poker 
 decreasing revenue from authorized transactions; 
 creating downward pressure on the prices we charge players for our virtual currency and virtual goods; 
 causing us to lose revenue from paying players who stop playing a particular game; 
 increasing costs we incur to develop technological measures to curtail unauthorized transactions; 
 generating legal claims relating to the diminution of value of our virtual goods; and 
 increasing customer support costs to respond to dissatisfied players. 
 To discourage unauthorized purchases and sales of our virtual goods, we state in our terms of service that the buying or selling of
virtual currency and virtual goods from unauthorized third-party sellers may result in bans from our games and/or legal action. We have banned players as a result of such activities. We have also filed lawsuits against third parties attempting to
“sell” virtual goods from our games, particularly poker chips from 
 , outside of our games. We have also employed technological measures to help detect unauthorized transactions. If we decide to implement further
restrictions on players’ ability to transfer virtual goods, we may lose players, which could harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Zynga Poker 
 The proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers that seek to exploit our games and players affects the game-playing experience and may lead players to stop playing our games. 
 Unrelated third parties have developed, and may continue to develop, “cheating” programs that enable players
to exploit vulnerabilities in our games, play them in an automated way or obtain unfair advantages over other players who do play fairly. These programs harm the experience of players who play fairly and may disrupt the virtual economies of our
games. In addition, unrelated third parties attempt to scam our players with fake offers for virtual goods or other game benefits. We devote significant resources to discover and disable these programs and activities, and if we are unable to do so
quickly our operations may be disrupted, our reputation damaged and players may stop playing our games. This may lead to lost revenue from paying players, increased cost of developing technological measures to combat these programs and activities,
legal claims relating to the diminution in value of our virtual currency and goods, and increased customer service costs needed to respond to dissatisfied players. 
 Our quarterly operating results are volatile and difficult to predict, and our stock price may decline if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
 Our bookings, revenue, traffic and operating results could vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and may fail to
match our past performance or the expectations of securities analysts or investors because of a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control. Any of these events could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to
fluctuate. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our operating results include the risk factors listed in these “Risk Factors” and the factors discussed in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Factors Affecting Our Performance.” 
 In particular, we recognize
revenue from the sale of our virtual goods in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which is complex and based on our assumptions and historical data with respect to the sale and use of various types of virtual goods. In the event that such assumptions
are revised based on new data or there are changes in the historical mix of virtual goods sold due to new game introductions, reduced virtual good sales in existing games or other factors or there are changes in our estimates of average playing
periods, the amount of revenue that we recognize in any particular period may fluctuate significantly. For further information regarding our revenue recognition policy, see the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies—Revenue Recognition” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Given our short operating history and the rapidly evolving social game industry in which we operate, our historical operating results may not be useful in predicting our future operating results. In
addition, metrics we have developed or those available from third parties regarding our industry and the performance of our games, including DAUs, MAUs, MUUs, MUPs and ABPU may not be indicative of our financial performance. 
 We may be required to record impairment related to our goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived
assets if our market capitalization declines below our net asset value or if our financial performance and/or condition deteriorates. 
 As of December 31, 2012, we had $724.4 million of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. If our market capitalization continues to decline below our net asset value or if our
financial performance and/or condition deteriorates, we may have to impair our goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. For example, in the third quarter
of 2012, we made the decision to discontinue the development of certain games associated with technology and other intangible assets previously acquired from OMGPOP, Inc. and we recorded an asset impairment charge of $95.5 million. For more
information, see Note 6 – “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could harm our business and operating results. 
 We regard the protection of our trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, domain names and other product rights as critical to
our success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and
contractors and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to
protect our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of similar technologies by others. 
 We pursue the registration of our domain names, copyrights, trademarks, and service marks in the United States and in certain locations outside the United States. We are seeking to protect our trademarks,
copyrights, patents and domain names in multiple jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and time-consuming and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location. We may, over time, increase our investment in protecting our
innovations through increased patent filings that are expensive and time-consuming and may not result in issued patents that can be effectively enforced. The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the “Leahy-Smith Act”) was adopted in September
2011. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted, which could be detrimental to investors, and may also affect patent
litigation. The United States Patent and Trademark Office is currently developing regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act
will not become effective until March 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could harm our business. 
 Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this
nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity or diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If we fail to maintain, protect
and enhance our intellectual property rights, our business and operating results may be harmed. 
 We are, and may in the future be,
subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 
 From time to time, we have faced, and we expect to face in the future, allegations that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights,
patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our 
 competitors, non-practicing entities and former employers of our personnel. Patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to
predict. As the result of any court judgment or settlement we may be obligated to cancel the launch of a new game, stop offering a game or certain features of a game, pay royalties or significant settlement costs, purchase licenses or modify our
games and features, or develop substitutes. 
 In addition, we use open source software in our games and expect to continue to
use open source software in the future. From time to time, we may face claims from companies that incorporate open source software into their products, claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the source code, the open source software and/or
derivative works that were developed using such software, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote
additional research and development resources to change our games, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. 
 Although we do not believe that the final outcome of intellectual property litigation and claims that we currently face will have a material adverse effect on our business, our expectations may not prove
to be correct. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our business,
operating results, financial condition, reputation or the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We are involved in legal
proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. 
 We may be involved in claims, suits, government investigations, and
proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, privacy, data protection or law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and employment claims, commercial claims, as well as
stockholder derivative actions, class action lawsuits, and other matters. Such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such
legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in liability,
penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could in
the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. See the section titled “Legal Matters” included in Note 13 – “Commitments and Contingencies” in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Programming errors or flaws in our games could
harm our reputation or decrease market acceptance of our games, which would harm our operating results. 
 Our games may
contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent after their launch, particularly as we launch new games and rapidly release new features to existing games under tight time constraints. We believe that if our
players have a negative experience with our games, they may be less inclined to continue or resume playing our games or recommend our games to other potential players. Undetected programming errors, game vulnerabilities that may be exploited by
cheating programs and other forms of misappropriation, game defects and data corruption can disrupt our operations, adversely affect the game experience of our players by allowing players to gain unfair advantage, misappropriate virtual goods, harm
our reputation, cause our players to stop playing our games, divert our resources and delay market acceptance of our games, any of which could result in legal liability to us or harm our operating results. 
 Evolving regulations, industry standards and practices by platform providers concerning data privacy
could prevent us from providing our current games to our players, or require us to modify our games, thereby harming our business. 
 The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and
security of personal information by companies operating over the Internet and mobile platforms are under increased public scrutiny, and civil claims alleging liability for the breach of data privacy have been asserted against us. The U.S.
government, including the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Commerce and the U.S. Congress are continuing to review the need for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on the Internet, including
regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. There is also increased attention being given to the collection of data from minors. For instance, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act requires companies to obtain
parental consent before collecting personal information from children under the age of 13. In addition, the European Union has proposed reforms to its existing data protection legal framework, which may result in a greater compliance burden for
companies with users in Europe. Various government and consumer agencies have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices. 
 We began operations in 2007 and have grown rapidly. While our administrative systems have developed rapidly, during our earlier history our practices relating to intellectual property, data privacy and
security, and legal compliance may not have been as robust as they are now, and there may be unasserted claims arising from this period that we are not able to anticipate. In addition, our business, including our ability to operate and expand
internationally, could be adversely affected if laws or regulations are adopted, interpreted, or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with our current business practices and that require changes to these practices, the design of our website,
games, features or our privacy policy. In particular, the success of our business has been, and we expect will continue to be, driven by our ability to responsibly use the data that our players share with us. Therefore, our business could be harmed
by any significant change to applicable laws, regulations or industry practices or the requirements of platform providers regarding the use or disclosure of data our players choose to share with us, age verification, underage players or the manner
in which the express or implied consent of consumers for such use and disclosure is obtained. Such changes may require us to modify our game features and advertising practices, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to use the data
that our players share with us. 
 We process, store and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental
regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 We receive, store and process personal information and other player data, and we enable our players to share their personal information with each other and with third parties, including on the Internet
and mobile platforms. There are numerous federal, state and local laws around the world regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other player data on the Internet and mobile
platforms, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules. We generally comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our own privacy
policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties (including voluntary third-party certification bodies such as TRUSTe). We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and certain industry codes of conduct relating
to privacy and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or
our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to players or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the
unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other player data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our
players to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if third parties we 
 work with, such as players, vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put our players’ information at risk and could in turn have an adverse
effect on our business. 
 In the area of information security and data protection, many states have passed laws requiring
notification to players when there is a security breach for personal data, such as the 2002 amendment to California’s Information Practices Act, or requiring the adoption of minimum information security standards that are often vaguely defined
and difficult to practically implement. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant
liabilities. 
 Our business is subject to a variety of other U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing and
which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the United
States and abroad, including laws regarding consumer protection, intellectual property, export and national security, that are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are
often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. For example, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a
number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads posted or the content
provided by users. It is also likely that as our business grows and evolves and our games are played in a greater number of countries, we will become subject to laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions. We are potentially subject to a number
of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types of content, such as that which depicts violence, many of which are ambiguous, still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business or
expose us to liability. In addition, certain of our casino-themed games, including 
 , may become subject to gambling-related rules and regulations and expose us to civil and criminal penalties if we do not comply. We have recently
begun efforts to expand our business to include RMG and announced a partnership agreement with bwin.party to develop, test and operate certain real money online poker and casino games in the United Kingdom. We also recently filed an Application
for a Preliminary Finding of Suitability with the Nevada Gaming Control Board. RMG is subject to stringent, complicated and rapidly changing licensing and regulatory requirements, both federally and in each state, as well as internationally.
Regulatory and legislative developments, including excessive taxation, may prevent or significantly limit our ability to enter into or succeed in RMG. Becoming familiar with and complying with these requirements will increase our costs and subject
our business to greater scrutiny by regulators in many different jurisdictions. 
 Zynga Poker 
 It is difficult to predict how existing laws
will be applied to our business and the new laws to which we may become subject. If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could be directly harmed, and we may be forced to
implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to modify our games, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the increased
attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our business
and operating results. 
 It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us in the
United States and elsewhere that could restrict the online and mobile industries, including player privacy, advertising, taxation, content suitability, copyright, distribution and antitrust. Furthermore, the growth and development of electronic
commerce and virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies such as ours conducting business through the Internet and mobile devices. We anticipate that scrutiny and
regulation of our industry will increase and we will be required to devote legal and other resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new laws regarding the 
 regulation of currency, banking institutions and money transmission may be interpreted to cover virtual currency, goods or payments that we receive. If that were to occur we may be required to
seek licenses, authorizations or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could
significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth of social game services and impair
our business. In addition, some concern has been expressed in Europe and in certain countries that social gaming should be regulated to protect consumers, in particular minors and persons susceptible to addiction to social games. This concern could
lead to the adoption of legislation or regulations that may impose additional burdens upon us, prohibit the offering of our games to certain users or territories, increase our costs or require changes to our games. 
 Companies and governmental agencies may restrict access to Facebook, our website or the Internet generally, which could lead to the loss or slower
growth of our player base. 
 Our players generally need to access the Internet and in particular Facebook and our
website to play our games. Companies and governmental agencies could block access to Facebook, our website or the Internet generally for a number of reasons such as security or confidentiality concerns or regulatory reasons, or they may adopt
policies that prohibit employees from accessing Facebook, our website or other social platforms. For example, the government of the People’s Republic of China has blocked access to Facebook in China. If companies or governmental entities block
or limit access to Facebook or our website or otherwise adopt policies restricting players from playing our games our business could be negatively impacted and could lead to the loss or slower growth of our player base. 
 Our business will suffer if we are unable to successfully acquire or integrate acquired companies into our business or otherwise manage the growth
associated with multiple acquisitions. 
 We have acquired businesses, personnel and technologies in the past and we
intend to continue to evaluate and pursue acquisitions and strategic investments. Our ability to grow through future acquisitions will depend on the availability of suitable acquisition and investment candidates at an acceptable cost, our ability to
compete effectively to attract these candidates and the availability of financing to complete larger acquisitions. Additional challenges and risks include: 
 significant competition from other game companies as the social game industry consolidates; 
 the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies, products and personnel of each acquired company, the inefficiencies and lack of control
that may result if such integration is delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with integration; 
 the difficulty in determining the appropriate purchase price of acquired companies may lead to the potential impairment of intangible assets and
goodwill acquired in the acquisitions; 
 diversion of our management’s attention away from our business and any difficulties encountered in the integration process; 
 declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from changes in, or acceleration of, compensation, or changes in management, reporting
relationships, or future prospects; 
 the need to implement controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to acquisition had lacked such
controls, procedures and policies; 
 risks associated with our expansion into new international markets and doing business internationally, including those described under the risk factor
caption “Expansion into international markets is important for our growth, and as we expand internationally, we will face additional business, political, 
 regulatory, operational, financial and economic risks, any of which could increase our costs and hinder such growth” elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 
 in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic,
currency, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; 
 in some cases, the need to transition operations and players onto our existing or new platforms and the potential loss of, or harm to, our
relationships with employees, players and other suppliers as a result of integration of new businesses; and 
 liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including intellectual property and other litigation claims or disputes,
information security vulnerabilities, violations of laws, rules and regulations, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities. 
 The benefits of an acquisition or investment may also take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that any particular
acquisition or investment will produce the intended benefits, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Acquisitions could result in potential dilutive issuances of equity securities, use of significant cash balances or
incurrence of debt (and increased interest expense), contingent liabilities or amortization expenses related to intangible assets or write-offs of goodwill and/or intangible assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations and dilute
the economic and voting rights of our stockholders. For example, in the third quarter of 2012, we made the decision to discontinue the development of certain games associated with technology and other intangible assets previously acquired from
OMGPOP and we recorded an asset impairment charge of $95.5 million. For more information, see Note 6 — “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 
 Failure in pursuing or executing new business initiatives, including RMG, could have a material adverse impact on
our business and future growth. 
 Our growth strategy includes evaluating, considering and effectively executing new
business initiatives, which can be difficult. Management may not properly ascertain or assess the risks of new initiatives, and subsequent events may alter the risks that were evaluated at the time we decided to execute any new initiative. Entering
into any new initiatives can also divert our management’s attention from other business issues and opportunities. Failure to effectively identify, pursue and execute new business initiatives, including RMG as discussed below, may adversely
affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe RMG could have risks that are different than those associated with other new initiatives. In particular, RMG is subject to stringent, complicated and rapidly
changing licensing and regulatory requirements, both federally and in each state, as well as internationally. Regulatory and legislative developments, including excessive taxation, may prevent or significantly limit our ability to enter into or
succeed in RMG. Becoming familiar with and complying with these requirements will increase our costs and subject our business to greater scrutiny by regulators in many different jurisdictions. If our brand becomes associated with RMG we may lose
current players, advertisers or partners or have difficulty attracting new players, advertisers or partners, which could adversely impact our business. 
 We have begun efforts to expand our business to include RMG and in October 2012, we entered into a partnership agreement with bwin.party digital entertainment plc to develop, test and operate certain real
money online poker and casino games in the United Kingdom. This is our first experience with RMG and we cannot assure you that these preliminary efforts will be successful or result in the development or timely launch of RMG products, if at all, or
ultimately produce any revenue. In addition, even if we ultimately do launch RMG products, if we or our partners fail to comply with regulatory requirements, or if players are less satisfied than expected with the games provided, or if we become
subject to excessive taxation in the U.S. or in other countries, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of this line of business or we may lose players and we may curtail our efforts to enter the RMG market. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will affect our financial results, which we report in
U.S. dollars. 
 As we continue to expand our international operations, we become more exposed to the effects of
fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency, and an increasing percentage of our international revenue is from players who pay us
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of such expenses being higher and/or the dollar equivalent of such
foreign-denominated revenue being lower than would be the case if exchange rates were stable. This could have a negative impact on our reported operating results. 
 The enactment of legislation implementing changes in the U.S. taxation of international business activities or the adoption of other tax reform policies could materially impact our financial
position and results of operations. 
 The current U.S. administration has made public statements indicating that it has
made international tax reform a priority, and key members of the U.S. Congress have conducted hearings and proposed new legislation. Recent changes to U.S. tax laws, including limitations on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax
credits and the deferral of certain tax deductions until earnings outside of the United States are repatriated to the United States, as well as changes to U.S. tax laws that may be enacted in the future, could impact the tax treatment of our foreign
earnings. Due to the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, any changes in the U.S. taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. 
 The intended tax benefits of our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements depend on the application of the tax laws of various
jurisdictions and on how we operate our business. 
 Our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements, including the
manner in which we develop and use our intellectual property and the transfer pricing of our intercompany transactions, are intended to reduce our worldwide effective tax rate. The application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the
United States, to our international business activities is subject to interpretation and depends on our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of the
jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, including our transfer pricing, or determine that the manner in which we operate our business is not consistent with the
manner in which we report our income to the jurisdictions, which could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. 
 Our corporate structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Our intercompany arrangements allocate income to such entities in
accordance with arm’s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S.
statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate. 
 Significant judgment is required in
evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. For example, our effective tax
rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates
or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations. As we operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting
interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views, for instance, with respect to, among other things, the manner in which the arm’s length 
 standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the valuation of intellectual property. In addition, tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and
new interpretations of existing laws are issued or applied. In particular, there is uncertainty in relation to the U.S. tax legislation in terms of the future corporate tax rate but also in terms of the U.S. tax consequences of income derived from
income related to intellectual property earned overseas in low tax jurisdictions. 
 Our existing corporate structure and
intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the tax benefits which we intend to eventually derive could be undermined due to changing tax laws or if we are unable
to adapt the manner in which we operate our business. 
 Our facilities are located near known earthquake fault zones, and the occurrence
of an earthquake or other natural disaster could cause damage to our facilities and equipment, which could require us to curtail or cease operations. 
 Our principal offices and network operations centers are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, an area known for earthquakes, and are thus vulnerable to damage. We are also vulnerable to damage from
other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired and we
could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume operations. 
 We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and support business growth, and this capital might not be available on
acceptable terms or at all. 
 We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our business growth and
may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new games and features or enhance our existing games, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses, personnel and technologies.
Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution,
and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our
capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain
additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business
challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed. 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 The three class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to our
initial public offering, including our founder and Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers, employees and directors and their affiliates; this limits our other stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters. 
 Our Class C common stock has 70 votes per share, our Class B common stock has seven votes per share and our
Class A common stock has one vote per share. Mark Pincus, our Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owned approximately 59% of the total voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2012. As a result,
Mark Pincus has significant influence over the management and affairs of the company and control over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other
sale of our company or our assets. Mr. Pincus may hold this voting power for the 
 foreseeable future, subject to additional issuances of stock by the company or sales by Mr. Pincus. This concentrated voting control limits the ability of our other stockholders to influence
corporate matters and could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Future transfers or sales by
holders of Class B common stock or Class C common stock will result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, which will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those stockholders who retain their
existing shares of Class B or Class C common stock. In addition, as shares of Class B common stock are transferred or sold and converted to Class A common stock, the sole holder of Class C common stock, Mark Pincus, will have greater
relative voting control to the extent he retains his existing shares of Class C common stock, and as a result he could in the future control a majority of our total voting power. Mark Pincus is entitled to vote his shares in his own interests
and may do so. 
 Certain provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could limit attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our board of directors or current management and limit the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in our board of directors
or management. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that: 
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for
election to our board of directors; 
 prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; and 
 reflect three classes of common stock, as discussed above. 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of
directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally
prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any “interested” stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an “interested”
stockholder. 
 Our share price has been and will likely continue to be volatile. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and could be subject to
wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Since shares of our Class A common stock were sold in our initial public offering in December 2011 at a price of $10.00 per share, through December 31,
2012, our stock price has ranged from $2.09 to $15.91. In addition to the factors discussed in these “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, factors that may cause volatility in our share price include: 
 changes in projected operational and financial results; 
 issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; 
 market rumors or press reports; 
 announcements related to our stock repurchase program; 
 the use by investors or analysts of third-party data regarding our business that may not reflect our actual performance; 
 fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 
 the activities, public announcements and financial performance of our commercial partners, such as Facebook; 
 fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares, or the size of our public float relative to the total number of shares of our Class A, Class B
and Class C common stock that are issued and outstanding; 
 share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and 
 general economic and market conditions. 
 Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations
often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or
international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our Class A common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action
litigation. We have been the target of this type of litigation as described in the section titled “Legal Matters’ included in Note 13 —“Commitments and Contingencies” in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could harm our business. 
 In addition, in October 2012, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to $200 million of our Class A
common stock. The timing and amount of any stock repurchases will be determined based on market conditions, share price and other factors. The program does not require us to repurchase any specific number of shares of our Class A common stock,
and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without notice. The stock repurchase program will be funded from existing cash on hand. Repurchases of our Class A common stock in the open market could result in increased volatility in
our stock price. 
 Our Class A common stock price may be volatile due to third-party data regarding our games. 
 Third parties, such as AppData, publish daily data about us and other social game companies with respect to DAUs and MAUs and other
information concerning social game usage, in particular on Facebook. These metrics can be volatile, particularly for specific games, and in many cases do not accurately reflect the actual levels of usage of our games across all platforms and may not
correlate to our bookings or revenue from the sale of virtual goods. There is a possibility that third parties could change their methodologies for calculating these metrics in the future. To the extent that securities analysts or investors base
their views of our business or prospects on such third-party data, the price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and may not reflect the performance of our business. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock, to some extent, depends on the research and reports that securities or industry
analysts publish about our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or lower their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these
analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 Future sales or potential sales of our Class A common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline. 
 If the existing holders of our Class B common stock particularly our directors and officers, sell a large number of shares, they could
adversely affect the market price for our Class A common stock. Sales of 
 substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to
decline. In addition, certain holders of our Class B common stock will be entitled to rights with respect to the registration of such shares under the Securities Act pursuant to an investors’ rights agreement. If these holders of our Class B
common stock, by exercising their registration rights, sell a large number of shares, they could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. If we file a registration statement for the purposes of selling additional shares to
raise capital and are required to include shares held by these holders pursuant to the exercise of their registration rights, our ability to raise capital may be impaired. Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public
market, following the release of lock-up agreements or otherwise, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to maintain adequate internal controls for financial reporting in the future, or if our auditors are
unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls as required pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, investor confidence in the accuracy of our financial reports may be impacted or the market price of our Class A common
stock could be negatively impacted. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s
attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
 We are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations.
Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The
Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. 
 As a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings with the SEC as required of a public company, our business and financial condition have become
more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result
in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating results. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the
discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments.