Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our
results have been in the past, and could be in the future, adversely affected by economic uncertainty or deteriorations in economic conditions 
 Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Periods of a slowing economy or recession, or periods of economic uncertainty, may be
accompanied by a decrease in advertising. The global economic downturn that began in 2008 resulted in a decline in advertising and marketing by our customers, which resulted in a decline in advertising revenues across our businesses. This reduction
in advertising revenues had an adverse effect on our revenue, profit margins, cash flow and liquidity. Although we believe that global economic conditions are improving, economic conditions remain uncertain. If economic conditions do not continue to
improve, economic uncertainty increases or economic conditions deteriorate again, global economic conditions may once again adversely impact our revenue, profit margins, cash flow and liquidity. Furthermore, because a significant portion of our
revenue is derived from local advertisers, our ability to generate revenues in specific markets is directly affected by local and regional conditions, and unfavorable regional economic conditions also may adversely impact our results. In addition,
even in the absence of a downturn in general economic conditions, an individual business sector or market may experience a downturn, causing it to reduce its advertising expenditures, which also may adversely impact our results. 
 We performed impairment tests on our goodwill and other intangible assets during the fourth quarter of 2011 and 2010 and recorded
non-cash impairment charges of $7.6 million and $15.4 million, respectively. Additionally, we performed impairment tests in 2008 and 2009 on our indefinite-lived assets and goodwill and, as a result of the global economic downturn and the
corresponding reduction in our revenues, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of $5.3 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. Although we believe we have made reasonable estimates and used appropriate assumptions to calculate the fair value of
our licenses, billboard permits and reporting units, it is possible a material change could occur. If actual market conditions and operational performance for the respective reporting units underlying the intangible assets were to deteriorate, or if
facts and circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived assets or goodwill for these reporting units below their adjusted carrying amounts, we may also be required to recognize
additional impairment charges in future periods, which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 To service our debt obligations and to fund capital expenditures, we will require a significant amount of cash to meet our needs, which depends on
many factors beyond our control 
 Our ability to service our debt obligations and to fund capital expenditures will
require a significant amount of cash. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Based on our current and anticipated levels of operations and conditions in our markets, we believe that cash on hand as well as cash flow from
operations will enable us to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, debt service and other funding requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, our ability to fund our working capital needs, debt service and other obligations
and to comply with the financial covenant under Clear Channel’s financing agreements depends on our future operating performance and cash flow, which are in turn subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, many of which are
beyond our control. If our future operating performance does not meet our expectation or our plans materially change in an adverse manner or prove to be materially inaccurate, we may need additional financing. In addition, the purchase price of
possible acquisitions, capital expenditures for deployment of digital billboards and/or other strategic initiatives could require additional indebtedness or equity financing on our part. Adverse securities and credit market conditions, such as those
experienced during 2008 and 2009, could significantly affect the availability of equity or credit financing. Consequently, there can be no assurance that such financing, if permitted under the terms of Clear Channel’s financing agreements, will
be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. The inability to obtain additional financing in such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and on our ability to meet Clear Channel’s obligations or
pursue strategic initiatives. Additional indebtedness could increase our leverage and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and may limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. 
 Downgrades in our credit ratings may adversely affect our borrowing costs, limit our financing
options, reduce our flexibility under future financings and adversely affect our liquidity, and also may adversely impact our business operations 
 Our and Clear Channel’s corporate credit ratings by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and Moody’s Investors Service are speculative-grade and have been downgraded and upgraded at
various times during the past several years. Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, reduce the availability of financing to us or increase the cost of doing business or otherwise negatively impact our business
operations. 
 Our financial performance may be adversely affected by many factors beyond our control 
 Certain factors that could adversely affect our financial performance by, among other things, leading to decreases in overall revenues,
the numbers of advertising customers, advertising fees, or profit margins include: 
 unfavorable economic conditions, which may cause companies to reduce their expenditures on advertising; 
 an increased level of competition for advertising dollars, which may lead to lower advertising rates as we attempt to retain customers or which may
cause us to lose customers to our competitors who offer lower rates that we are unable or unwilling to match; 
 unfavorable fluctuations in operating costs, which we may be unwilling or unable to pass through to our customers; 
 technological changes and innovations that we are unable to successfully adopt or are late in adopting that offer more attractive advertising or
listening alternatives than what we offer, which may lead to a loss of advertising customers or to lower advertising rates; 
 the impact of potential new royalties charged for terrestrial radio broadcasting, which could materially increase our expenses; 
 other changes in governmental regulations and policies and actions of regulatory bodies, which could increase our taxes or other costs, restrict the
advertising media that we employ or restrict some or all of our customers that operate in regulated areas from using certain advertising media or from advertising at all; 
 unfavorable shifts in population and other demographics, which may cause us to lose advertising customers as people migrate to markets where we have a
smaller presence or which may cause advertisers to be willing to pay less in advertising fees if the general population shifts into a less desirable age or geographical demographic from an advertising perspective; and 
 unfavorable changes in labor conditions, which may impair our ability to operate or require us to spend more to retain and attract key employees. 
 We face intense competition in our media and entertainment and our outdoor advertising businesses 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our current audience ratings and advertising
and sales revenues. Our media and entertainment and our outdoor advertising businesses compete for audiences and advertising revenues with other media and entertainment businesses and outdoor advertising businesses, as well as with other media, such
as newspapers, magazines, television, direct mail, iPods, smart mobile phones, satellite radio and Internet-based media, within their respective markets. Audience ratings and market shares are subject to change, which could have the effect of
reducing our revenues in that market. Our competitors may develop services or advertising media that are equal or superior to those we provide or that achieve greater market acceptance and brand recognition than we achieve. It also is possible that
new competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share in any of our business segments. An increased level of competition for advertising dollars may lead to lower advertising rates as we attempt to retain customers or may cause us
to lose customers to our competitors who offer lower rates that we are unable or unwilling to match. 
 New technologies may increase
competition with our broadcasting operations 
 Our terrestrial radio broadcasting operations face increasing
competition from new technologies, such as broadband wireless, satellite radio, audio broadcasting by cable television systems and Internet-based audio music services, as well as new consumer products, such as portable digital audio players, smart
mobile phones and other mobile applications. These new technologies and alternative media platforms, including the new technologies and media platforms used by us, compete with our radio stations for audience share and advertising revenues. We are
unable to predict the effect that such technologies and related services and products will have on our broadcasting operations, but the capital expenditures necessary to implement these or other new technologies could be substantial. We cannot
assure you that we will continue to have the resources to acquire new technologies or to introduce new services to compete with other new technologies or services, or that our investments in new technologies or services will provide the desired
returns. Other companies employing such new technologies or services could more successfully implement such new technologies or services or otherwise increase competition with our businesses. 
 Our business is dependent upon the performance of on-air talent and program hosts 
 We employ or independently contract with many on-air personalities and hosts of syndicated radio programs with significant loyal
audiences in their respective markets. Although we have entered into long-term agreements with some of our key on-air talent and program hosts to protect our interests in those relationships, we can give no assurance that all or any of these persons
will remain with us or will retain their audiences. Competition for these individuals is intense and many of these individuals are under no legal obligation to remain with us. Our competitors may choose to extend offers to any of these individuals
on terms which we may be unwilling to meet. Furthermore, the popularity and audience loyalty of our key on-air talent and program hosts is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes. A loss of such popularity or audience loyalty is beyond
our control and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract local and/or national advertisers and on our revenue and/or ratings, and could result in increased expenses. 
 Our business is dependent on our management team and other key individuals 
 Our business is dependent upon the performance of our management team and other key individuals. A number of key individuals have joined us over the past two years, including Robert W. Pittman, who
became our Chief Executive Officer on October 2, 2011. Although we have entered into agreements with some members of our management team and certain other key individuals, we can give no assurance that all or any of our management team and
other key individuals will remain with us. Competition for these individuals is intense and many of our key employees are at-will employees who are under no legal obligation to remain with us, and may decide to leave for a variety of personal or
other reasons beyond our control. If members of our management or key individuals decide to leave us in the future, or if we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining other key employees, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Extensive current government regulation, and future regulation, may limit our radio broadcasting and other media and entertainment
operations or adversely affect our business and financial results 
 Congress and several federal agencies, including
the FCC, extensively regulate the domestic radio industry. For example, the FCC could impact our profitability by imposing large fines on us if, in response to pending complaints, it finds that we broadcast indecent programming. Additionally, we
cannot be sure that the FCC will approve renewal of the licenses we must have in order to operate our stations. Nor can we be assured that our licenses will be renewed without conditions and for a full term. The non-renewal, or conditioned renewal,
of a substantial number of our FCC licenses, could have a materially adverse impact on our operations. Furthermore, possible changes in interference protections, spectrum allocations and other technical rules may negatively affect the operation of
our stations. For example, in January 2011 a law that eliminates certain minimum distance separation requirements between full-power and low-power FM radio stations was enacted, which could lead to increased interference between our stations and
low-power FM stations. In March 2011 the FCC adopted policies which, in certain circumstances, could make it more difficult for radio stations to relocate to increase their population coverage. In addition, Congress, the FCC and other regulatory
agencies have considered, and may in the future consider and adopt, new laws, regulations and policies that could, directly or indirectly, have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial performance. In particular, Congress is
considering legislation that would impose an obligation upon all U.S. broadcasters to pay performing artists a royalty for use of their sound recordings (this would be in addition to payments already made by broadcasters to owners of musical work
rights, such as songwriters, composers and publishers). We cannot predict whether this or other legislation affecting our media and entertainment business will be adopted. Such legislation could have a material impact on our operations and financial
results. Finally, various regulatory matters relating to our media and entertainment business are now, or may become, the subject of court litigation, and we cannot predict the outcome of any such litigation or its impact on our business. 
 Government regulation of outdoor advertising may restrict our outdoor advertising operations 
 U.S. Federal, state and local regulations have a significant impact on the outdoor advertising industry and our business. One of the
seminal laws is the HBA, which regulates outdoor advertising on Federal-Aid Primary, Interstate and National Highway Systems’ roads in the United States. The HBA regulates the size and location of billboards, mandates a state compliance
program, requires the development of state standards, promotes the expeditious removal of illegal signs and requires just compensation for takings. Construction, repair, maintenance, lighting, upgrading, height, size, spacing, the location and
permitting of billboards and the use of new technologies for changing displays, such as digital displays, are regulated by federal, state and local governments. From time to time, states and municipalities have prohibited or significantly limited
the construction of new outdoor advertising structures. Changes in laws and 
 regulations affecting outdoor advertising at any level of government, including laws of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, could have a significant financial impact on us by requiring
us to make significant expenditures or otherwise limiting or restricting some of our operations. Due to such regulations, it has become increasingly difficult to develop new outdoor advertising locations. 
 From time to time, certain state and local governments and third parties have attempted to force the removal of our displays under
various state and local laws, including zoning ordinances, permit enforcement, condemnation and amortization. Amortization is the attempted forced removal of legal non-conforming billboards (billboards which conformed with applicable laws and
regulations when built, but which do not conform to current laws and regulations) or the commercial advertising placed on such billboards after a period of years. Pursuant to this concept, the governmental body asserts that just compensation is
earned by continued operation of the billboard over time. Amortization is prohibited along all controlled roads and generally prohibited along non-controlled roads. Amortization has, however, been upheld along non-controlled roads in limited
instances where provided by state and local law. Other regulations limit our ability to rebuild, replace, repair, maintain and upgrade non-conforming displays. In addition, from time to time third parties or local governments assert that we own or
operate displays that either are not properly permitted or otherwise are not in strict compliance with applicable law. For example, court rulings have upheld regulations in the City of New York that have impacted our displays in certain areas within
the city. Such regulations and allegations have not had a material impact on our results of operations to date, but if we are increasingly unable to resolve such allegations or obtain acceptable arrangements in circumstances in which our displays
are subject to removal, modification or amortization, or if there occurs an increase in such regulations or their enforcement, our operating results could suffer. 
 A number of state and local governments have implemented or initiated taxes, fees and registration requirements in an effort to decrease or restrict the number of outdoor signs and/or to raise revenue.
From time to time, legislation also has been introduced in foreign jurisdictions attempting to impose taxes on revenue from outdoor advertising or for the right to use outdoor advertising assets. In addition, a number of jurisdictions, including the
City of Los Angeles, have implemented legislation or interpreted existing legislation to restrict or prohibit the installation of new digital billboards. While these measures have not had a material impact on our business and financial results to
date, we expect these efforts to continue. The increased imposition of these measures, and our inability to overcome any such measures, could reduce our operating income if those outcomes require removal or restrictions on the use of preexisting
displays. In addition, if we are unable to pass on the cost of these items to our clients, our operating income could be adversely affected. 
 International regulation of the outdoor advertising industry can vary by municipality, region and country, but generally limits the size, placement, nature and density of out-of-home displays. Other
regulations limit the subject matter and language of out-of-home displays. Our failure to comply with these or any future international regulations could have an adverse impact on the effectiveness of our displays or their attractiveness to clients
as an advertising medium and may require us to make significant expenditures to ensure compliance. As a result, we may experience a significant impact on our operations, revenue, international client base and overall financial condition. 
 Additional restrictions on outdoor advertising of tobacco, alcohol and other products may further restrict the categories of clients that can
advertise using our products 
 Out-of-court settlements between the major U.S. tobacco companies and all 50 states, the
District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and four other U.S. territories include a ban on the outdoor advertising of tobacco products. Other products and services may be targeted in the U.S. in the future, including alcohol products.
Most European Union countries, among other nations, also have banned outdoor advertisements for tobacco products and legislation regulating alcohol advertising has been introduced in a number of European countries in which we conduct business and
could have a similar impact. Any significant reduction in alcohol-related advertising or advertising of other products due to content-related restrictions could cause a reduction in our direct revenues from such advertisements and an increase in the
available space on the existing inventory of billboards in the outdoor advertising industry. 
 Environmental, health, safety and land use
laws and regulations may limit or restrict some of our operations 
 As the owner or operator of various real properties
and facilities, especially in our outdoor advertising operations, we must comply with various foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations. We and our properties are subject to such laws and
regulations relating to the use, storage, disposal, emission and release of hazardous and non-hazardous substances and employee health and safety as well as zoning restrictions. Historically, we have not incurred significant expenditures to comply
with these laws. However, additional laws which may be passed in the future, or a finding of a violation of or liability under existing laws, could require us to make significant expenditures and otherwise limit or restrict some of our operations. 
 Doing business in foreign countries exposes us to certain risks not found when doing business in the
United States 
 Doing business in foreign countries carries with it certain risks that are not found when doing
business in the United States. These risks could result in losses against which we are not insured. Examples of these risks include: 
 potential adverse changes in the diplomatic relations of foreign countries with the United States; 
 hostility from local populations; 
 the adverse effect of foreign exchange controls; 
 government policies against businesses owned by foreigners; 
 investment restrictions or requirements; 
 expropriations of property without adequate compensation; 
 the potential instability of foreign governments; 
 the risk of insurrections; 
 risks of renegotiation or modification of existing agreements with governmental authorities; 
 difficulties collecting receivables and otherwise enforcing contracts with governmental agencies and others in some foreign legal systems; 
 withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
 changes in tax structure and level; and 
 changes in laws or regulations or the interpretation or application of laws or regulations. 
 In addition, because we own assets in foreign countries and derive revenues from our International operations, we may incur currency
translation losses due to changes in the values of foreign currencies and in the value of the U.S. dollar. We cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. 
 Our International operations involve contracts with, and regulation by, foreign governments. We operate in many parts of the world that
experience corruption to some degree. Although we have policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance (including with respect to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom Bribery Act
2010), our employees, subcontractors and agents could take actions that violate applicable anticorruption laws or regulations. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial position and results of operations. 
 The success of our street furniture and transit products is dependent on our obtaining
key municipal concessions, which we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms 
 Our street furniture and transit
products businesses require us to obtain and renew contracts with municipalities and other governmental entities. Many of these contracts, which require us to participate in competitive bidding processes at each renewal, typically have terms ranging
from three to 20 years and have revenue share and/or fixed payment components. Our inability to successfully negotiate, renew or complete these contracts due to governmental demands and delay and the highly competitive bidding processes for these
contracts could affect our ability to offer these products to our clients, or to offer them to our clients at rates that are competitive to other forms of advertising, without adversely affecting our financial results. 
 Future acquisitions and other strategic transactions could pose risks 
 We frequently evaluate strategic opportunities both within and outside our existing lines of business. We expect from time to time to
pursue additional acquisitions and may decide to dispose of certain businesses. These acquisitions or dispositions could be material. Our acquisition strategy involves numerous risks, including: 
 our acquisitions may prove unprofitable and fail to generate anticipated cash flows; 
 to successfully manage our large portfolio of media and entertainment, outdoor advertising and other businesses, we may need to: 
 recruit additional senior management as we cannot be assured that senior management of acquired businesses will continue to work for us and we cannot
be certain that any of our recruiting efforts will succeed, and 
 expand corporate infrastructure to facilitate the integration of our operations with those of acquired businesses, because failure to do so may cause
us to lose the benefits of any expansion that we decide to undertake by leading to disruptions in our ongoing businesses or by distracting our management; 
 we may enter into markets and geographic areas where we have limited or no experience; 
 we may encounter difficulties in the integration of operations and systems; and 
 our management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns. 
 Additional acquisitions by us of media and entertainment businesses and outdoor advertising
businesses may require antitrust review by federal antitrust agencies and may require review by foreign antitrust agencies under the antitrust laws of foreign jurisdictions. We can give no assurances that the DOJ, the FTC or foreign antitrust
agencies will not seek to bar us from acquiring additional media and entertainment businesses or outdoor advertising businesses in any market where we already have a significant position. The DOJ actively reviews proposed acquisitions of media and
entertainment businesses and outdoor advertising businesses. In addition, the antitrust laws of foreign jurisdictions will apply if we acquire international outdoor or media and entertainment businesses. Further, radio acquisitions by us are subject
to FCC approval. Such acquisitions must comply with the Communications Act and FCC regulatory requirements and policies, including with respect to the number of broadcast facilities in which a person or entity may have an ownership or attributable
interest, in a given local market, and the level of interest that may be held by a foreign individual or entity. The FCC’s media ownership rules remain subject to ongoing agency and court proceedings. Future changes could restrict our ability
to acquire new radio assets or businesses. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock may be volatile 
 The market price of our Class A common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including, without limitation: 
 as a result of the risk factors listed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 reasons unrelated to operating performance, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions, or negative announcements by our customers or
competitors regarding their own performance; 
 regulatory changes that could impact our business; and 
 general economic and industry conditions. 
 Shares of our Class A common stock are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. The lack of an active market may impair the ability of holders of our Class A common stock to sell their
shares of Class A common stock at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that they consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also reduce the fair market value of the shares of our Class A common stock. 
 There is no assurance that holders of our Class A common stock will ever receive cash dividends 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our Class A common stock, and there is no guarantee that we will ever pay cash dividends on our
Class A common stock in the future. The terms of our credit facilities and other debt restrict our ability to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock. In addition to those restrictions, under Delaware law, we are permitted to pay
cash dividends on our capital stock only out of our surplus, which in general terms means the excess of our net assets over the original aggregate par value of our stock. In the event we have no surplus, we are permitted to pay these cash dividends
out of our net profits for the year in which the dividend is declared or in the immediately preceding year. Accordingly, there is no guarantee that, if we wish to pay cash dividends, we would be able to do so pursuant to Delaware law. Also, even if
we are not prohibited from paying cash dividends by the terms of our debt or by law, other factors such as the need to reinvest cash back into our operations may prompt our Board of Directors to elect not to pay cash dividends. 
 Significant equity investors control us and may have conflicts of interest with us in the future 
 Private equity funds sponsored by or co-investors with Bain Capital and THL currently indirectly control us through their ownership of
all of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock and Class C common stock, which collectively represent approximately 72% of the voting power of all of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, Bain Capital and THL have the power to elect all
but two of our directors (and, in addition, the Company has agreed that each of Mark P. Mays and Randall T. Mays shall serve as directors of the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective amended and restated employment agreements), appoint
new management and approve any action requiring the approval of the holders of our capital stock, including adopting any amendments to our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and approving mergers or sales of substantially all
of our capital stock or assets. The directors elected by Bain Capital and THL will have significant authority to make decisions affecting us, including the issuance of additional capital stock, change in control transactions, the incurrence of
additional indebtedness, the implementation of stock repurchase programs and the decision of whether or not to declare dividends. 
 In addition, Bain Capital and THL are lenders under Clear Channel’s term loan credit
facilities. It is possible that their interests in some circumstances may conflict with our interests and the interests of other stockholders. 
 Additionally, Bain Capital and THL are in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. One or more of the
entities advised by or affiliated with Bain Capital and/or THL may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as entities
advised by or affiliated with Bain Capital and THL directly or indirectly own a significant amount of the voting power of our capital stock, even if such amount is less than 50%, Bain Capital and THL will continue to be able to strongly influence or
effectively control our decisions. 
 We may terminate our Exchange Act reporting, if permitted by applicable law 
 If at any time our Class A common stock is held by fewer than 300 holders of record, we will be permitted to cease to be a reporting
company under the Exchange Act to the extent we are not otherwise required to continue to report pursuant to any contractual agreements, including with respect to any of our indebtedness. If we were to cease filing reports under the Exchange Act,
the information now available to our stockholders in the annual, quarterly and other reports we currently file with the SEC would not be available to them as a matter of right. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our subsidiary, Clear Channel, may not be able to
generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy its obligations under its indebtedness, which may not be successful 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. At December 31, 2011, we had $20.2 billion of total indebtedness outstanding,
including: (1) $11.5 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding under Clear Channel’s term loan credit facilities and delayed draw credit facilities, which obligations mature at various dates from 2014 through 2016; (2) $1.3
billion aggregate principal amount outstanding under Clear Channel’s revolving credit facility, which will be available through July 2014, at which time all outstanding principal amounts under the revolving credit facility will be due and
payable; (3) $1.7 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of Clear Channel’s priority guarantee notes, net of $44.6 million of unamortized discounts, which mature March 2021; (4) $31.0 million aggregate principal amount of
other secured debt; (5) $796.3 million and $829.8 million outstanding of Clear Channel’s senior cash pay notes and senior toggles notes, respectively, which mature August 2016; (6) $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding
of Clear Channel’s senior notes, net of unamortized purchase accounting discounts of $469.8 million, which mature at various dates from 2012 through 2027; (7) $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of subsidiary senior notes;
and (8) other long-term obligations of $19.9 million. This large amount of indebtedness could have negative consequences for us, including, without limitation: 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, thereby reducing cash
available for other purposes, including to fund operations and capital expenditures, invest in new technology and pursue other business opportunities; 
 limiting our liquidity and operational flexibility and limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; 
 limiting our ability to adjust to changing economic, business and competitive conditions; 
 requiring us to defer planned capital expenditures, reduce discretionary spending, sell assets, restructure existing indebtedness or defer acquisitions
or other strategic opportunities; 
 limiting our ability to refinance any of the indebtedness or increasing the cost of any such financing in any downturn in our operating performance or
decline in general economic conditions; 
 making us more vulnerable to an increase in interest rates, a downturn in our operating performance or a decline in general economic or industry
conditions; and 
 making us more susceptible to changes in credit ratings, which could impact our ability to obtain financing in the future and increase the cost of such
financing. 
 If compliance with Clear Channel’s debt obligations materially hinders our ability to
operate our business and adapt to changing industry conditions, we may lose market share, our revenue may decline and our operating results may suffer. The terms of Clear Channel’s credit facilities and other indebtedness allow us, under
certain conditions, to incur further indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, which heightens the foregoing risks. 
 Clear Channel’s ability to make scheduled payments on its debt obligations depends on
its financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond its or our control. In addition, because Clear Channel derives a
substantial portion of its operating income from its subsidiaries, Clear Channel’s ability to repay its debt depends upon the performance of its subsidiaries and their ability to dividend or distribute funds to Clear Channel. Clear Channel may
not be able to maintain a level of cash flows sufficient to permit it to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on its indebtedness. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011, Clear Channel’s earnings were not sufficient to cover fixed charges by $402.4 million and, for the year ended December 31, 2010, Clear Channel’s
earnings were not sufficient to cover fixed charges by $617.5 million. 
 If Clear Channel’s cash flows and capital
resources are insufficient to fund its debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance the indebtedness. We may not be able to take
any of these actions, and these actions may not be successful or permit Clear Channel to meet the scheduled debt service obligations. Furthermore, these actions may not be permitted under the terms of existing or future debt agreements. 
 The ability to restructure or refinance Clear Channel’s debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial
condition at such time. Any refinancing of the debt could be at higher interest rates and increase Clear Channel’s debt service obligations and may require us and Clear Channel to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict
our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us or Clear Channel to meet scheduled debt
service obligations. If we or Clear Channel cannot make scheduled payments on indebtedness, it will be in default under one or more of the debt agreements and, as a result we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 The documents governing Clear Channel’s indebtedness contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business 
 Clear Channel’s material financing agreements, including its credit agreements and indentures, contain various
covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to: 
 make acquisitions or investments; 
 make loans or otherwise extend credit to others; 
 incur indebtedness or issue shares or guarantees; 
 create liens; 
 sell, lease, transfer or dispose of assets; 
 merge or consolidate with other companies; and 
 make a substantial change to the general nature of our business. 
 In addition, under Clear Channel’s senior secured credit facilities, Clear Channel is required to comply with certain affirmative
covenants and certain specified financial covenants and ratios. For instance, Clear Channel’s senior secured credit facilities require it to comply on a quarterly basis with a financial covenant limiting the ratio of its consolidated secured
debt, net of cash and cash equivalents, to its consolidated EBITDA (as defined under the terms of the senior secured credit facilities) for the preceding four quarters. 
 The restrictions contained in Clear Channel’s credit agreements and indentures could affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to react to market conditions or take
advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. For example, such restrictions could adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, make strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances, restructure our organization or finance
our capital needs. Additionally, the ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond Clear Channel’s or our control. These include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If any of these
covenants or restrictions are breached, Clear Channel could be in default under the agreements governing its indebtedness, and as a result we would be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 The Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Except for the historical information, this report contains various forward-looking statements which represent our
expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including, without limitation, our future operating and financial performance, our ability to comply with the covenants in the agreements governing our 
 indebtedness and the availability of capital and the terms thereof. Statements expressing expectations and projections with respect to future matters are forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution that these forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties and are subject to many variables which could impact our future performance. These
statements are made on the basis of management’s views and assumptions, as of the time the statements are made, regarding future events and performance. There can be no assurance, however, that management’s expectations will necessarily
come to pass. We do not intend, nor do we undertake any duty, to update any forward-looking statements. 
 A wide range of
factors could materially affect future developments and performance, including: 
 the impact of our substantial indebtedness, including the effect of our leverage on our financial position and earnings; 
 the need to allocate significant amounts of our cash flow to make payments on our indebtedness, which in turn could reduce our financial flexibility
and ability to fund other activities; 
 risks associated with a global economic downturn and its impact on capital markets; 
 other general economic and political conditions in the United States and in other countries in which we currently do business, including those
resulting from recessions, political events and acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts; 
 industry conditions, including competition; 
 the level of expenditures on advertising; 
 legislative or regulatory requirements; 
 fluctuations in operating costs; 
 technological changes and innovations; 
 changes in labor conditions, including on-air talent, program hosts and management; 
 capital expenditure requirements; 
 risks of doing business in foreign countries; 
 fluctuations in exchange rates and currency values; 
 the outcome of pending and future litigation; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 taxes and tax disputes; 
 shifts in population and other demographics; 
 access to capital markets and borrowed indebtedness; 
 our ability to implement our business strategies; 
 the risk that we may not be able to integrate the operations of acquired businesses successfully; 
 the risk that our cost savings initiatives may not be entirely successful or that any cost savings achieved from those initiatives may not persist; and 
 certain other factors set forth in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 This list of factors that may affect future performance and the accuracy of forward-looking statements is illustrative and is not intended to be
exhaustive. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. 