Our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that are currently considered immaterial. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of the risks and uncertainties described below, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. \n We have incurred losses in the past, and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability for the foreseeable future. \n We have incurred net losses from time to time. We incurred net losses of $130,000 and $7,110,000 in fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2014, respectively. We have been growing our number of clients rapidly, and as we do so, we incur significant sales and marketing, services and other related expenses. Our profitability will be significantly influenced by our ability to attain sufficient scale and productivity to achieve recurring revenues that are sufficient to support the incremental costs to obtain and support new clients. We intend for the foreseeable future to continue to focus predominately on adding new clients, and we cannot predict when we will achieve sustained profitability, if at all. We also expect to make other significant expenditures and investments in research and development to expand and improve our product offerings and technical infrastructure. In addition, as a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we do not incur as a private company. These increased expenditures will make it harder for us to achieve and maintain profitability. We also may incur losses in the future for a number of other unforeseen reasons. Accordingly, we may not be able to maintain profitability, and we may incur losses for the foreseeable future. \n Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate, causing the value of our common stock to decline substantially. \n Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Moreover, our stock price might be based on expectations of future performance that are unrealistic or that we might not meet and, if our revenue or operating results fall below such expectations, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. \n Our number of new clients increases more during our third fiscal quarter ending March 31 than during the rest of our fiscal year, primarily because many new clients prefer to start using our payroll and human capital management, or HCM, solutions at the beginning of a calendar year. In addition, client funds and year-end activities are traditionally higher during our third fiscal quarter. As a result of these factors, our total revenue and expenses have historically grown disproportionately during our third fiscal quarter as compared to other quarters. \n In addition to other risk factors listed in this section, some of the important factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly operating results include: \n · The extent to which our products achieve or maintain market acceptance; \n · Our ability to introduce new products and enhancements and updates to our existing products on a timely basis; \n · Competitive pressures and the introduction of enhanced products and services from competitors; \n · Changes in client budgets and procurement policies; \n · The amount and timing of our investment in research and development activities and whether such investments are capitalized or expensed as incurred; \n · The number of our clients’ employees; \n · Timing of recognition of revenues and expenses; \n · Client renewal rates; \n · Seasonality in our business; \n · Technical difficulties with our products or interruptions in our services;