We wish to caution the reader that the following important risk factors, and those risk factors described
elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in forward-looking statements
contained in this document and elsewhere. These risks are not presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. If general economic conditions decline, demand for our products could decline. Our products involve discretionary spending on the part of consumers. Consumers are generally more willing to make discretionary
purchases, including purchases of products like ours, during periods in which favorable economic conditions prevail. As a result, our products are sensitive to general economic conditions and economic
cycles. In recent years, adverse worldwide economic conditions, including declining consumer confidence, global economic recession, rising unemployment and volatile gasoline prices, have led consumers
to delay or reduce discretionary spending, including purchases of some types of our products. Reduced consumer spending may also result in an increase in our selling and promotional expenses, in an
effort to offset that reduction. A
reduction or shift in domestic or international consumer spending could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. The uncertainty of current worldwide economic conditions makes budgeting and forecasting very difficult. We are unable to predict the likely duration of the current adverse worldwide economic conditions, and all of the effects those
conditions may have on our business. In particular, the uncertainty of current worldwide economic conditions subjects our forecasts to heightened risks and uncertainties. Our business is "hit" driven. If we do not deliver "hit" titles, or if consumers prefer competing products, our sales could suffer. While many new products are regularly introduced in our industry, increasingly only a relatively small number of
high-quality "hit" titles account for a significant portion of net revenue, and an even greater portion of net profit. It is difficult to produce high-quality products and to
predict prior to production and distribution what products will be well received, even if they are well-reviewed, high-quality titles. Competitors may develop titles that
imitate or compete with our "hit" titles, and take sales away from them or reduce our ability to command premium prices for those titles. "Hit" products published by our competitors may take a larger
share of consumer spending than anticipated, which could cause our product sales to fall below expectations. Consumers may lose interest in a genre of games we produce. If we do not continue to
develop consistently high-quality and well received products, or if our competitors develop more successful products or offer competitive products at lower prices, our revenues, margins,
and profitability could decline. In addition, our own "hit" products could compete with our other titles, reducing sales for those other titles. Further, a failure by us to develop a
high-quality product, or our development of a product that is otherwise not well received, could harm our reputation and increase the likelihood that our future products will be similarly
poorly received. We depend on a relatively small number of franchises for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. A significant portion of our revenues has historically been derived from products based on a relatively small number of popular
franchises and these products are responsible for a disproportionately high percentage of our profits. For example, the three key franchises of Call of Duty, World of Warcraft, and Skylanders
accounted for approximately 73% of our net revenues, and a significantly higher percentage of our operating income, in 2011. We expect that a limited number of popular franchises will continue to
produce a disproportionately high percentage of our revenues and profits. Due to this dependence on a limited number of franchises, the failure to achieve anticipated results by one or more products
based on these franchises may significantly harm our business and financial results. A substantial portion of our revenue and profitability depends on the success of our Call of Duty franchise in the first-person action game category. If we do not maintain
our leadership position in this category, our financial results could suffer. Activision Blizzard is a leading global developer, publisher and distributor in terms of revenues in the first-person action game
category, due to the popularity of Activision's Call of Duty franchise. Revenues from this game comprise a significant portion of our consolidated
revenues. To remain a leader in the first-person action game category, it is important that we continue to develop new games in the Call of Duty franchise that are favorably received by both our existing customer base and new customers. A number of software publishers have developed and commercialized, or are currently developing, first-person
action games which pose a threat to the popularity of Call of Duty , and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge in the first-person action
category. If consumer demand for Call of Duty games declines and we have not introduced new first-person action games or other products that replace Call of Duty's potentially decreasing revenue, or added other sources of revenue, our financial condition could suffer. Additionally, if consumer
preferences trend away from first-person action games, our revenue and profitability may decline. A substantial portion of our revenue and profitability depends on the subscription-based massively multiplayer online role-playing game category. If we do not
maintain our leadership position in this category, our financial results could suffer. Blizzard is the leading global developer, publisher and distributor in terms of subscriber base and revenues in the subscription-based
MMORPG category, due primarily to the popularity of Blizzard's World of Warcraft and related expansion packs. Subscription revenues from this game comprise a significant portion of our consolidated revenues. To remain the leader in the
subscription-based MMORPG category, it is important that we continue to refresh World of Warcraft or develop new MMORPG products that are favorably
received by both our existing customer base and new customers. A number of software publishers have developed and commercialized, or are currently developing, online games for use by consumers over
the Internet which pose a threat to the popularity of World of Warcraft , and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge in the MMORPG category. If
consumer demand for World of Warcraft games declines and we have not introduced new MMORPG or other products that replace World
of Warcraft 's potentially decreasing revenue, or added other sources of revenue, our financial condition could suffer. Additionally, if new technologies are developed that
replace MMORPGs, consumer preferences trend away from MMORPGs or new business models emerge that offer online subscriptions for free or at a substantial discount to current MMORPG subscription fees,
our revenue and profitability may decline. If we do not continue to attract and retain skilled personnel, we will be unable to effectively conduct our business. Our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to identify, hire, retain and utilize the abilities of qualified personnel,
particularly personnel with the specialized skills needed to create the high-quality "hit" titles upon which our business is substantially dependent. The software industry is characterized
by a high level of employee mobility and aggressive recruiting among competitors for employees with technical, marketing, sales, product development, and management skills. We may have difficulties in
attracting and retaining skilled personnel or may incur significant costs in order to do so. If we are unable to attract additional qualified employees or retain and utilize the services of key
personnel, our business and financial results could be negatively impacted. If our games and services do not function as consumers expect, our business may suffer. If our games and services do not function as consumers expect, whether because they fail to work as advertised or otherwise, our sales
may suffer. The risk that this may occur is particularly pronounced with respect to our games with online features, like World of Warcraft , and our
digital service, Call of Duty Elite , because they involve ongoing obligations to the consumers and, in the case of Call of Duty
Elite , require us to develop new technology, which we may not be able to do successfully. If our games and services do not function as expected, our revenue may decline. The future success of our business depends on our ability to release popular products in a timely manner. The life of any given console or handheld game product is relatively short and generally involves a relatively high level of sales
during the first few months after the product's introduction, followed by a rapid decline in sales. Because revenues associated with an initial product launch generally constitute a high percentage of
the total revenues associated with the life of a product, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of one or more new products could have an adverse effect on our
operating results and cause our operating results to be materially different from expectations. It is therefore important for us to be able to continue to develop many high quality new products that
are popularly received and to release those products in a timely manner. If we are unable to continue to do so, our business and financial results may be negatively affected. If we are unable to sustain premium pricing on current-generation titles, our operating results will suffer. If we are unable to sustain premium pricing on current-generation titles for the Microsoft Xbox 360, Sony's PS3 and the Nintendo
Wii for so long as those platforms remain current generation, whether due to competitive pressure, because retailers elect to price these products at a lower price or otherwise, we may experience a
negative effect on our margins and operating results. Further, we make provisions
for price migration and channel protection based upon certain assumed lowest prices and if competitive pressures force us to lower our prices below those levels, we may experience a
negative effect on our margins and operating results. If we fail to successfully manage our new product development, or if we fail to anticipate the issues associated with such development, our business may suffer. Our business model is evolving and we believe that our growth will depend upon our ability to successfully develop and sell new types
of products and to otherwise expand the methods by which we reach our consumers, including via digital distribution. Developing new products and distribution channels will require substantial
up-front expenditures. If such
products or distribution channels do not achieve expected market acceptance or generate sufficient revenues upon introduction, whether because of competition or otherwise, we may not be able to
recover the substantial development and marketing costs associated with those products and distribution channels. In addition, expanding our business model will add complexity to our business and
require us to effectively adapt our business and management processes to address the unique challenges and different requirements of any new areas in which we operate, which we may not be able to do,
for lack of institutional expertise or otherwise. If any of these occur, our revenues, margins and profitability could decline. Our market is subject to rapid technological change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our new resources among, emerging technologies, our revenues would
be negatively affected. Technology changes rapidly in the interactive entertainment industry. We must continually anticipate and adapt our products to emerging
technologies in order to keep such products competitive. When we choose to incorporate a new technology into a product or to develop a product for a new platform, operating system or media format, we
often are required to make a substantial investment prior to the introduction of the product. If we invest in the development of video games incorporating a new technology or for a new platform that
does not achieve significant commercial success, our revenues from those products likely will be lower than we anticipated and may not cover our development costs. Further, our competitors may adapt
to an emerging technology more quickly or effectively than we do, creating products that are technologically superior to ours, more appealing to consumers, or both. If, on the other hand, we elect not
to pursue the development of products incorporating a new technology or for new platforms that achieve significant commercial success, our revenues would also be adversely affected, and it may take
significant time and resources to shift product development resources to that technology or platform. For example, digital content delivery is increasingly important in our industry, requiring us to
develop or acquire the expertise needed to remain competitive. Any failure to successfully adapt to, and appropriately allocate resources among, emerging technologies would harm our competitive
position, reduce our share and significantly increase the time we take to bring popular products to market. The increasing importance of digital sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including greater competition. The proportion of our revenue derived from digital content delivery as compared to traditional retail sales is increasing. The
increased importance of digital content delivery in the industry overall increases our potential competition, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a game delivered digitally may be
significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is purchased through retail distribution and is played on a game console. This will also require us to dedicate capital to
developing and implementing alternative marketing strategies, which we may not do successfully. It may also reduce overall demand for our distribution services. If either occurs, our revenues,
margins, and profitability could decline. If we are unable to successfully develop or market owned intellectual property, we may publish fewer successful titles and our revenues may decline. Some of our products are based on intellectual property that we have developed internally or acquired from third parties. Consumers
have historically preferred titles which are part of established franchises to titles based on new intellectual property, and if new intellectual property does not gain market acceptance, whether
because we are unable to successfully create consumer appeal and brand recognition or otherwise, our revenues, margins, and profitability could decline. Further, if the popularity of our owned
intellectual property declines, our revenues, margins, and profitability could decline, and we may have to write off the unrecovered portion of the underlying intellectual property assets, any of
which could harm our business and financial results. If we are unable to maintain or acquire licenses to intellectual property, we may publish fewer "hit" titles and revenues may decline. Some of our products are based on intellectual property and other character or story rights licensed from third parties. These license
and distribution agreements are limited in scope and time, and we may not be able to renew key licenses when they expire or to include new products in existing licenses. Our loss of a significant
number of intellectual property licenses or relationships with licensors, or inability to obtain additional licenses of significant commercial value, could have an adverse effect on our ability to
develop new products and therefore on our business and financial results. Additionally, the failure of intellectual property we license to be, or remain, popularly received could impact the market
acceptance of those products in which the intellectual property is included. Such lack of market acceptance could result in the write-off of the unrecovered portion of acquired
intellectual property assets, which could harm our business and financial results. Furthermore, the competition for these licenses and distribution agreements is often intense. Competition for these
licenses may also increase the advances, guarantees, and royalties that must be paid to the licensor. Competition within, and to, the interactive entertainment industry is intense, and competitors may succeed in reducing our sales. We compete with other publishers of PC and video game console interactive entertainment software. Those competitors vary in size from
small companies with limited resources to very large corporations with significantly greater financial, marketing, and product development resources than we have. For example, integrated video game
console hardware and software companies such as Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft compete directly with us in the development of software titles for their respective platforms. Our competitors may spend
more money and time on developing and testing products, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, pay higher fees to licensors for desirable motion picture,
television, sports, music and character properties, pay more to third-party software developers, or otherwise develop more commercially successful products for the PC or video game platforms than we
do. In addition, competitors with large product lines and popular titles typically have greater leverage with retailers, distributors, and other customers who may be willing to promote titles with
less consumer appeal in return for access to those competitors' more popular titles. We
also compete with other forms of interactive entertainment, such as casual games like iPhone applications and other mobile phone games, and games developed for use by consumers on the
iPad or social networking sites, most of which are currently free to play. Increased consumer acceptance and availability of such games or other online games, consumer acceptance and availability of
technology which allows users to play games on televisions without consoles, or technological advances in online game software or the Internet could result in a decline in platform-based software and
negatively impact sales of our console and handheld products. Additionally,
we compete with other forms of entertainment and leisure activities. For example, the overall growth in the use of the Internet and online services such as social
networking sites by consumers may pose a competitive threat if customers and potential customers spend less of their available time using interactive entertainment software and more using the
Internet, including those online services. The development of quality products requires substantial up-front expenditures, and we may not be able to recover those costs for our future products. Consumer preferences for games are usually cyclical and difficult to predict, and even the most successful titles remain popular for
only limited periods of time, unless refreshed with new content or otherwise enhanced. In order to remain competitive, we must continuously develop new products or enhancements to existing products.
The amount of lead time and cost involved in the development of quality products is increasing, and the longer the lead time involved in developing a product and the greater the allocation of
financial resources to such product, the more critical it is that we accurately predict consumer demand for such product. If our future products do not achieve expected market acceptance or generate
sufficient revenues upon introduction, we may not be able to recover the substantial development and marketing costs associated with those products, and our financial results could suffer. Sales of Skylanders Spyro's Adventure may be affected by the availability of toys, increasing our exposure to imbalances between projected and actual demand. Skylanders Spyro's Adventure involves "smart toys" consisting of action figures and an
electronic "portal" which, when used together, allow a player to store and access information about his character's performance in the game. We sell the toys both bundled with the software for the
title and on a stand-alone basis. Consumers may not want to buy the related software if they cannot also buy the "smart toys". If we underestimate demand or otherwise are unable to produce sufficient
quantities of toys of an acceptable quality or allocate too few toys to geographic markets where demand exceeds supply, we will forego revenue. This may also create greater opportunities for
competitors to develop competitive product offerings. In addition, if we overestimate demand and make too many toys, or allocate too many toys to geographic markets where there is insufficient demand,
we will incur unrecoverable manufacturing costs for unsold units as well as for unsold game software. In either case, toy manufacturing and allocation decisions may negatively affect our financial
performance. We may overestimate demand for a product, incurring unrecoverable manufacturing costs We pay a licensing fee to the hardware manufacturer for each copy of a product manufactured for that manufacturer's game platform,
regardless of whether that product is sold. If we overestimate demand and make too many physical "boxed" copies of any title, we will incur unrecoverable manufacturing costs for unsold units, which
may negatively affect our profitability. A substantial portion of Activision Blizzard's revenues is derived from subscriptions paid by World of Warcraft subscribers. If we are unable to sustain this business model
or these customers cancel their subscriptions, our results of operations may suffer. A substantial portion of our revenues is generated by subscription fees paid by consumers who play World of
Warcraft . Typically, World of Warcraft subscribers purchase one to six month memberships that are cancelable, without penalty,
at the end of the membership period. If World of Warcraft subscribers become dissatisfied, they may chose not to renew their memberships in order to
engage in other forms of entertainment (including competing MMORPG offerings) and we may not be able to replace lost subscribers. Additionally, if general economic conditions decline, consumers may
decrease their discretionary spending on entertainment items such as MMORPGs and users may choose not to renew their World of Warcraft subscriptions. A decrease in the overall subscription base of World of Warcraft could substantially harm our operating results. We are exposed to seasonality in the sale of our products. The interactive entertainment industry is highly seasonal, with the highest levels of consumer demand occurring during the
year-end holiday buying season in the fourth quarter of the year. As a result, net revenues, gross profits, and operating income have historically been highest during the second half of
the year. Receivables and credit risk are likewise higher during the second half of the year, as customers stock up on our products for the holiday season. Further, delays in development, licensor
approvals, or manufacturing can also affect the timing of the release of products, causing us to miss key selling periods such as the year-end holiday buying season. We depend on servers to operate our games with online features, such as our MMORPG, and our digital service with online features. If we were to lose server capacity, for any
reason, our business could suffer. Our business relies on the continuous operation of our data servers. Any broad-based catastrophic server malfunction, a significant
intrusion by hackers that circumvents our
security measures, or a failure of our disaster recovery service would likely interrupt the operation of our MMORPG, World of Warcraft , and other games
of ours with online features, and our digital service, Call of Duty Elite , and could result in the loss of sales for such games (including
subscription-based sales for World of Warcraft ) or subscriptions for Call of Duty Elite . An extended
interruption of service could also harm our reputation and operating results. We
must project our future server needs and make advance purchases of servers to accommodate expected business demands. If we underestimate the amount of server capacity our business
requires or if our business were to grow more quickly than expected, our customers may experience service problems, such as slow or interrupted gaming access. Insufficient server capacity may result
in decreased sales, a loss of our customer base, and adverse consequences to our reputation. Conversely, if we overestimate the amount of server capacity required by our business, we may incur
additional operating costs that would adversely affect our operating margins. We may not accurately predict the amount of Internet bandwidth necessary to sustain our online gaming businesses. Our online gaming businesses are dependent on the availability of sufficient Internet bandwidth. An increase in the price of bandwidth
could have an adverse effect on operating margins, since we may not be able to increase our prices or subscriber levels to compensate for such costs. Because of the importance of our online business
to our revenues and results of operations, our ability to access adequate bandwidth to support our business is critical. To secure bandwidth access, we have entered into arrangements with several
bandwidth providers and entered into long-term contracts with some of them to secure future bandwidth capacity. If the price of bandwidth were to decrease, our contractual commitments to
pay higher prices could affect our ability to compete with other video game producers. Conversely,
because we purchase additional bandwidth based on anticipated growth, our bandwidth capacity is sometimes larger than necessary to sustain our existing needs. If our
projected online business growth is delayed or does not occur, we will incur larger bandwidth expenses than necessary. If we underestimate the amount of bandwidth that our online business requires,
and our purchased bandwidth capacity is insufficient to meet demand, our business and reputation may suffer. Vivendi owns a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock and the interests of Vivendi and its subsidiaries may conflict with the interests of our other
shareholders. Vivendi and its subsidiaries owned approximately 60% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock at December 31, 2011. As
a result of the Business Combination, Vivendi has the ability to nominate a majority of our board of directors and determine the outcome of certain matters submitted to our
stockholders, such as the approval of significant transactions and the declaration of dividends on our common stock. As a result, actions that may be supported by a majority of stockholders other than
Vivendi may be blocked by Vivendi. In addition, Vivendi's ownership may affect the liquidity in the market for our common stock. Furthermore,
the ownership position and governance rights of Vivendi may discourage a third party from proposing a change of control or other strategic transaction concerning Activision
Blizzard. As a result, our common stock may trade at prices that do not reflect a "control premium" to the same extent as do the stocks of similarly situated companies that do not have a stockholder
with an ownership interest as large as Vivendi's ownership interest. We are a "controlled company" within the meaning of NASDAQ rules and, as a result, are exempt from certain corporate governance requirements. For so long as Vivendi or any other entity or group owns more than 50% of the total voting power of our common shares, we will be a
"controlled company" within the meaning of NASDAQ rules and, as a result, qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. As a controlled company, we are exempt from several
NASDAQ standards, including the requirements: We
currently rely on these exemptions and as a result, a majority of our Board is not independent (as defined by the NASDAQ rules). In addition, while we have a nominating and corporate
governance committee and a compensation committee, these committees do not consist entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, our stockholders do not have the same protections afforded to
stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. Subject to certain limitations, Vivendi may sell common stock at any time, which could cause our stock price to decrease. Vivendi may sell the shares of our stock that it owns, including pursuant to a registered underwritten public offering under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act. We have entered into an investor agreement with Vivendi, which includes
registration rights and which gives Vivendi the right to require us to register all or a portion of its shares at any time, subject to certain limitations. The sale of a substantial number of shares
of common stock by Vivendi within a short period of time could cause our stock price to decrease, and make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future offerings of common stock. On
November 11, 2011, Vivendi and its affiliates sold 35 million shares of our stock for $12.05 per share. We are involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. From time to time, we are involved in claims, suits, government investigations and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our
business, including actions with respect to intellectual property claims,
competition and antitrust matters, privacy matters, tax matters, labor and employment claims and commercial claims. Such claims, suits, government investigations and proceedings are inherently
uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management
resources and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such
proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products or services,
requiring us to change our development process or other business practices, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. We may be subject to intellectual property claims. As the number of interactive entertainment software products increases and the features and content of these products continue to
overlap, software developers increasingly may become subject to infringement claims. Further, many of our products are highly realistic and feature materials that are based on real world examples,
which may also be the subject of intellectual property infringement claims of others. In addition, our products often utilize complex, cutting-edge technology that may become subject to
emerging intellectual property rights of others. Although we take steps to avoid knowingly violating the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim
infringement, particularly since there are an increasing number of companies which focus their efforts exclusively on enforcing their patent rights. From
time to time, we receive communications from third parties regarding such claims. Existing or future infringement claims against us, whether valid or not, may be time consuming,
distracting to management and expensive to defend. Further, intellectual property litigation or claims could force us to do one or more of the
following: Any
of these actions may harm our business and financial results. Our products may be subject to legal claims. In prior years, at least two lawsuits have been filed against numerous video game companies, including against Activision, by the
families of victims who were shot and killed by teenage gunmen in attacks perpetrated at schools. These lawsuits alleged that the video game companies manufactured and/or supplied these teenagers with
violent video games, teaching them how to use a gun and causing them to act out in a violent manner. These lawsuits have been dismissed. Similar additional lawsuits may be filed in the future.
Although our general liability insurance carrier has agreed to defend lawsuits of this nature with respect to the prior lawsuits, it is uncertain whether insurance carriers would do so in the future,
or if such insurance carriers would cover all or any amounts for which we might be liable if such future lawsuits are not decided in our favor. If such future lawsuits are filed and ultimately decided
against us and the relevant insurance carrier does not cover the amounts for which we may be liable, it could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Payment of significant
claims by insurance carriers may make insurance coverage materially more expensive or unavailable in the future, thereby exposing us to additional risk. Our products are subject to the threat of piracy and unauthorized copying, and inadequate intellectual property laws and other protections could prevent us from enforcing or
defending our proprietary technologies. We may also face legal risks arising out of user-generated content. We regard our software as proprietary and rely on a variety of methods, including a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and
trade secret laws and employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, to protect our proprietary rights. We own or license various copyrights, patents and trademarks. We are aware that some
unauthorized copying occurs, and if a significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our software products were to occur, it could cause harm to our business and financial results. Policing
unauthorized sale, distribution and use of our products is difficult, and software piracy (including online piracy) is a persistent problem. Further, the laws of some countries
where our products are or may be distributed either do not protect their products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., or are poorly enforced. Legal protection
of our rights may be ineffective in such countries. In addition, though we take steps to make the unauthorized sale, distribution and use of our products more difficult and to otherwise enforce and
police our rights, as do the manufacturers of consoles on which a majority of those games we publish are played, our efforts and the efforts of the console manufacturers may not be successful in
controlling the piracy of our products in all instances. The proliferation of technology designed to circumvent the protection measures used in our products, the availability of broadband access to
the Internet, the ability to download pirated copies of games from various Internet sites and peer-to-peer networks, and the widespread proliferation of Internet cafes using
pirated copies of our products all have contributed to an expansion in piracy. This could have a negative effect on our growth and profitability in the future. Moreover,
as user-generated content increases, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and to avoid infringing intellectual property rights of others may
diminish. We cannot be certain that existing intellectual property laws will provide adequate protection for our products in connection with emerging technologies. The importance to our business of the "smart toys" related to Skylanders Spyro's Adventure exposes us to hardware manufacturing and shipping risks, including availability of
sufficient third-party manufacturing capacity and increases in manufacturing and shipping costs. Skylanders Spyro's Adventure involves "smart toys" consisting of action figures and an
electronic "portal" which, when used together, allow a player to store and access information about his character's performance in the game. Many of the manufacturers of those "smart toys" are located
in China. Anything that impacts the ability of those manufacturers to produce or otherwise supply the toys for us or increases their costs of production, including the utilization of any such
manufacturer's capacity by another company, changes in safety, environmental or other regulations applicable to the toys and the manufacturing thereof, natural or manmade disasters that disrupt
manufacturing, transportation or communications, labor shortages, civil unrest or issues generally negatively impacting international companies operating in China, increases in the price of petroleum
or other raw materials, increases in fuel prices and other shipping costs, and increases in local labor costs in China, may adversely impact our ability to supply those toys to the market and the
prices we must pay for those toys, and therefore our financial performance. Moreover, the failure of those manufacturers to consistently deliver action figures and portals meeting the quality and
safety standards we require could adversely impact our financial performance. We rely on independent third parties to develop some of our software products. We rely on independent third-party software developers to develop some of our software products. Because we depend on these developers,
we are subject to the following risks: Increased
competition for skilled third-party software developers also has compelled us to agree to make significant advance payments on royalties to game developers. If the products
subject to these arrangements do not generate sufficient revenues to recover these royalty advances, we would have to write-off unrecovered portions of these payments, which could harm our
business and financial results. Typically, we pay developers a royalty based on a percentage of net revenues from product sales, less agreed upon deductions, but from time to time, we have agreed to
pay developers fixed per unit product royalties after royalty advances are fully recouped. To the extent that sales prices of products on which we have agreed to pay a fixed per unit royalty are
marked down, our profitability could be adversely affected. Our platform licensors set the royalty rates and other fees that must be paid to publish games for their platforms, and therefore have significant influence on our costs. We pay a licensing fee to the hardware manufacturer for each copy of a product manufactured for that manufacturer's game platform. In
order to publish products for new hardware platforms, we must take a license from the platform licensor which gives the platform licensor the opportunity to set the fee and/or price that we must pay
in order to publish games for that platform. Similarly, the platform licensors have retained the flexibility to change their fee structures and/or pricing for online gameplay and features for their
consoles and the manufacturing of products. The control that platform licensors have over the fee structures and/or pricing for their platforms and online access makes it difficult for us to predict
our costs and profitability in the medium-to-long term. It is also possible that platform licensors will not renew our existing licenses. Any increase in fee structures and/or
pricing, or nonrenewal of licenses, could have a significant negative impact on our business models and profitability, particularly for Activision, as the publishing of products for console systems is
the largest portion of Activision's business. Our business is highly dependent on the success, timely release and availability of new video game platforms and on the continued availability of, and support for, existing
video game platforms, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products for these platforms. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the sale of products for play on video game platforms manufactured by third
parties, such as Sony's PS3 and PlayStation Portable, Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Nintendo's Wii and DS. For example, sales of products for consoles
accounted for 51% of our consolidated net revenue in 2011. The success of our business is driven in large part by the availability of an adequate supply of these video game platforms and the continued
support for these platforms
by their manufacturers, our ability to accurately predict which platforms will be successful in the marketplace, and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these
platforms. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of the anticipated introduction of a new platform. A new platform for which we are developing
products may be delayed, may not succeed or may have a shorter life cycle than anticipated. Alternatively, a platform for which we have not devoted significant resources could be more successful than
initially anticipated, causing us to miss a meaningful revenue opportunity. Additionally, if the platforms for which we are developing products are not released when anticipated, are not available in
adequate quantities to meet consumer demand, do not attain wide market acceptance ore are not adequately supported by their manufacturers, our revenues may suffer, we may be unable to fully recover
our investment in developing those products, and our financial performance may be harmed. Transitions in console platforms could adversely affect the market for interactive entertainment software. In 2005, Microsoft released the Xbox 360 and, in 2006, Sony and Nintendo introduced the PS3 and Wii, respectively. Nintendo has
announced that it intends to launch its next-generation console, the Wii U, in all major regions by the 2012 year-end holiday buying season. When new console platforms
are announced or introduced into the market, consumers typically reduce their purchases of game console entertainment software products for current console platforms in anticipation of new platforms
becoming available. During these periods, sales of game console entertainment software products we publish may slow or even decline until new platforms are introduced and achieve wide consumer
acceptance. This decline may not be offset by increased sales of products for the new console platforms. As console hardware moves through its life cycle, hardware manufacturers typically enact price
reductions and decreasing prices may put downward pressure on software prices. During platform transitions, we may simultaneously incur costs both in continuing to develop and market new titles for
prior-generation video game platforms, which may not sell at premium prices, and also in developing products for current-generation platforms, which will not generate immediate or
near-term revenue. As a result, our operating results during platform transitions may be more volatile and more difficult to predict than during other times, and such volatility may cause
greater fluctuations in our stock price. We must make significant expenditures to develop products for new platforms that may not be successful. We must make substantial product development and other investments in a particular platform well in advance of introduction of the
platform and may be required to realign our product portfolio and development efforts in response to market changes. Furthermore, development costs for new console platforms are greater than such
costs for current console platforms. If increased costs are not offset by higher revenues and other cost efficiencies, operating results will suffer and our financial position will be harmed. If the
platforms for which we develop new software products or modify existing products do not attain significant market penetration, we may not be able to recover our development costs, which could be
significant, and our business and financial results could be significantly harmed. Platform licensors are our competitors and frequently control the manufacturing of, and have broad approval rights over, our console and handheld video game products. Generally, when we develop interactive entertainment software products for hardware platforms offered by Sony, Nintendo or Microsoft,
the products are manufactured exclusively by that hardware manufacturer or their approved replicator. The
agreements with these manufacturers include certain provisions, such as approval rights over all software products and related promotional materials and the ability to change the fee
they charge for the manufacturing of products, which allow them substantial influence over the cost and the release schedule of such interactive entertainment software products. In addition, because
each of the manufacturers
is also a publisher of games for its own hardware platforms and manufactures products for all of its other licensees, a manufacturer may give priority to its own products or those of our
competitors in the event of insufficient manufacturing capacity. Accordingly, Sony, Nintendo or Microsoft could cause unanticipated delays in the release of our products as well as increases to
projected development, manufacturing, marketing, or distribution costs, any of which could harm our business and financial results. In
addition, platform licensors control our ability to provide online game capabilities for console platform products and, in large part, establish the financial terms and/or pricing on
which these
products and services are offered to consumers. Currently, Microsoft provides online capabilities for the Xbox 360, Sony provides online capabilities for PS3 products, and Nintendo provides
online capabilities for the Wii. In each case, compatibility code and/or the consent of the licensor are required for us to include online capabilities in its console products. As these capabilities
become more significant, the failure or refusal of licensors to approve our products may harm our business and financial results. Our sales may decline substantially without warning and in a brief period of time because a substantial portion of our sales are made to a relatively small number of key
customers and because we do not have long-term contracts for the sale of our products. In the U.S. and Canada, Activision has primarily sold its boxed products on a direct basis to mass-market retailers,
consumer electronics stores, discount warehouses, and game specialty stores. Activision boxed products are sold internationally on a direct-to-retail basis, through third-party
distribution and licensing arrangements and through our wholly-owned European distribution subsidiaries. Activision's sales are made primarily on a purchase order basis without long-term
agreements or other forms of commitments. While we did not have any single customer who accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net revenues for 2011, we had one customer, GameStop, which
accounted for approximately 12% of our consolidated net revenues in 2010. We had one customer, Wal-Mart, which accounted for 21% of consolidated gross receivables at December 31,
2011, and two customers, GameStop and Wal-Mart, which accounted for 12% and 18% of consolidated gross receivables at December 31, 2010, respectively. The loss of, or significant
reduction in sales to, any of Activision's principal retail customers or distributors could significantly harm our business and financial results. The concentration of sales in a small number of large
customers also could make us more vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these large customers becomes unable to pay for our products or seeks protection under the bankruptcy laws. In
addition, having such a large portion of our total net revenue concentrated in a few customers reduces our negotiating leverage with these customers. Our business may be harmed if our distributors, retailers or other parties with which we do business cannot honor their existing credit arrangements, default on their
obligations to us, or seek protection under the bankruptcy laws. We rely on various business partners for several important aspects of our business, including distribution of our products, product
development and intellectual property licensing. Some of these business partners are highly-leveraged or small businesses that may be particularly vulnerable to difficult economic conditions. As a
result of current economic conditions, we are subject to heightened counterparty risks, including the risks that our business partners may default on their obligations to us or seek protection under
the bankruptcy laws. For
example, retailers and distributors in the interactive entertainment industry have from time to time experienced significant fluctuations in their businesses and a number of them
have failed. We typically
make sales to most retailers and some distributors on unsecured credit, with terms that vary depending upon the customer's credit history, solvency, credit limits, and sales history, as well as
whether the customer can obtain sufficient credit insurance. Challenging economic conditions may impair
the ability of our customers to pay for products they have purchased, and as a result, our reserves for doubtful accounts and write-off of accounts receivable could increase and,
even if increased, may turn out to be insufficient. Moreover, even in cases where we have insolvency risk insurance to protect against a customer's bankruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation, this
insurance typically contains a significant deductible and co-payment obligation, and does not cover all instances of non-payment. As a result, a payment default by, or the
insolvency or business failure of, a significant customer could significantly harm our business and financial results. The
insolvency or business failure of other types of business partners could result in disruptions to the manufacturing or distribution of our products or the cancellation of contractual
arrangements that we consider to be favorable. We may not be able to maintain our distribution relationships with key vendors and customers. Our NBG and Centresoft subsidiaries distribute interactive entertainment software and hardware products and provide related services in
Germany and the U.K., respectively, and via export in other European countries for a variety of entertainment software publishers, many of which are our competitors, and hardware manufacturers. From
time to time, these subsidiaries also maintain exclusive relationships to serve certain retail customers. These services are generally performed subject to limited-term arrangements.
Although we expect to use reasonable efforts to retain these vendors and retail customer relationships, we may not be successful in this regard. The cancellation or non-renewal of one or
more of these arrangements could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our business is subject to the risks and uncertainties of international trade. We conduct business throughout the world, and we derive a substantial amount of revenue from international trade, particularly from
Europe, Asia and Australia. We expect that international revenues will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues in
the future and, moreover, that our growth will depend on increased sales in emerging markets in Asia and elsewhere. As
such, we are, and may be increasingly, subject to risks inherent in foreign trade generally, as well as risks inherent in doing business in emerging markets, including increased
tariffs and duties, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, shipping delays, increases in transportation costs, international political, regulatory and economic developments and differing local
business practices, all of which may impact operating margins or make it more difficult, if not impossible, for us to conduct business in foreign markets. A
deterioration in relations between either us or the U.S. and any country in which we have significant operations or sales, or the implementation of government regulations in such a
country, including China in particular, could result in the adoption or expansion of trade restrictions that harm our business and operating results. For instance, to operate in China, World of Warcraft, StarCraft
II and any other game must have regulatory approval. A decision by the Chinese government to revoke its approval for World of Warcraft StarCraft
II or to decline to approve any other products we desire to sell in China
in the future would adversely impact our operating results. Additionally, in the past, legislation has been implemented in China that has required modifications to the World of
Warcraft software. The future implementation of similar laws in China or any other country in which we have operations or sales may require engineering modifications to our
products that are not cost-effective, if even feasible at all, or could degrade the customer experience to the point where customers cease to purchase such products. We
are also subject to risks that our operations outside the U.S. could be conducted by our employees, contractors, representatives or agents in ways that violate the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act or other similar anti-bribery laws. While we have policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors, representatives and
agents may take actions that
violate our policies. Moreover, it may be more difficult to oversee the conduct of any such persons who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk from their actions. Any
violations of those laws by any of those persons could have a negative impact on our business. Further,
if government regulations or restrictions prevent us from repatriating internationally derived revenue into the U.S., or a country's tax structure makes repatriation
prohibitively expensive, we may not transfer such revenue into the U.S., which could affect our ability to reinvest or utilize such amounts in our business. In
addition, cultural differences may affect consumer preferences and limit the popularity of titles that are "hits" in the U.S or require us to modify the content of the games or the
method by which we charge our customers for the games in order to be successful. If we do not correctly assess consumer preferences in the countries in our market, our sales and revenue may be lower
than expected. Changes in tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our
worldwide provision for income taxes and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are required to
estimate future taxes. Although we currently believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimate process is inherently uncertain, and such estimates are not binding on tax authorities. The
effective tax rate could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including changes in the business, including the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax
elections, and changes in applicable tax laws. Further, tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax
provision. Should the ultimate tax liability exceed estimates, our income tax provision and net income could be adversely affected. We
are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes, in both the U.S. and various other
jurisdictions. Tax authorities regularly examine these non-income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations, changes in the business or changes in
applicable tax rules will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may have a negative impact on our results of operations. We transact business in various currencies other than the U.S. dollar and have significant international sales and expenses denominated
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, subjecting us to currency exchange rate risks. A substantial portion of our international sales and expenses are denominated in local currencies, including
certain major currencies, such as the euro and U.K. pound, and emerging market currencies, such as the South Korean won and Chinese renminbi, which could fluctuate against the U.S. dollar. We have, in
the past, utilized currency derivative contracts to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures, with hedge tenors of generally less than 12 months, as well as managing these exposures with
natural offsets. We may also hedge non-U.S. dollar earnings from time to time. Our principal counterparty in respect of currency derivative contracts is Vivendi, though we periodically
evaluate and may use similar arrangements with other counterparties. There can be no assurance that we will continue these programs, or that we will be successful in managing exposure to currency
exchange rate risks. Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future accounting standards to
our business as it evolves. Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting policies promulgated by the SEC and national accounting standards bodies
and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. Policies affecting software revenue recognition have and could further significantly affect the way we report
revenue related to our products and services. We recognize all of the revenue from bundled sales ( i.e. , packaged goods video games that include an
online service component) on a deferred basis over an estimated online service period for such games. In addition, we defer the costs of sales of those titles. We expect that an increasing number of
our games will be online-enabled in the future and we could be required to recognize the related revenue over an extended period of time rather than at the time of sale. Further, as we increase our
downloadable content and add new features to our online service, our estimate of the online service period may change and we could be required to recognize revenue, and defer related costs, over a
longer period of time. As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the
way we account for revenue and taxes, could have an adverse effect on our reported net revenue, net income and earnings per share under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America in any given period. We may permit our customers to return products and to receive pricing concessions which could reduce net revenues and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk of product returns and price protection with respect to our distributors and retailers. Return policies
allow distributors and retailers to return defective, shelf-worn, damaged and certain other products in accordance with terms granted. Price protection, when granted and applicable, allows
these distributors and retailers a credit against amounts owed with respect to merchandise unsold by them. We may permit product returns from, or grant price protection to, our customers under certain
conditions. These conditions may include compliance with applicable payment terms, delivery of weekly inventory and sales, and consistent participation in the launches of premium title releases. We
may also consider other factors, including the facilitation of slow-moving inventory and other market factors. When we offer price protection, it may be offered with respect to a
particular product to all of our retail customers who meet the applicable conditions. Activision also offers a 90-day limited warranty to its consumer end users that Activision products
will be free from manufacturing defects. Although we maintain a reserve for returns and price protection, and although we may place limits on
product returns and price protection, we could be forced to accept substantial product returns and provide substantial price protection to maintain our relationships with retailers and our access to
distribution channels. Product returns and price protection that exceed our reserves could significantly harm our business and financial results. We face similar issues, including exposure to risk of
chargebacks, with respect to consumer end users to whom we sell products directly, whether through Battle.net or otherwise. We may face difficulty obtaining access to retail shelf space necessary to market and sell our products effectively. Retailers typically have a limited amount of shelf space and promotional resources, and there is intense competition among consumer
interactive entertainment software products for high quality retail shelf space and promotional support from retailers. To the extent that the number of products and platforms increases, competition
for shelf space may intensify and may require us to increase our marketing expenditures. Those issues are exacerbated to the extent one of our products involves something in addition to software and,
as such, requires additional shelf space, like Skylanders Spyro's Adventure , which includes both action figures and an electronic "portal". Retailers
with limited shelf space
typically devote the most and highest quality shelf space to those products expected to be best sellers. We cannot be certain that our new products will consistently achieve such "best seller"
status. Due to increased competition for limited shelf space, retailers and distributors are in an increasingly better position to negotiate favorable terms of sale, including price discounts, price
protection, marketing and display fees, and product return policies. Our products constitute a relatively small percentage of most retailers' sales volume. We cannot be certain that retailers will
continue to purchase our products or to provide those products with adequate levels of shelf space and promotional support on acceptable terms. A prolonged failure in this regard may significantly
harm our business and financial results. If our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with our customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our products are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs. Our ability to sell our
products and services is dependent in part upon the success of these programs. If the marketing for our products and services fail to resonate with our customers, particularly during the critical
holiday season or during other key selling periods, or if
advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. Increased sales of used video game products could lower our sales. Certain of our larger customers sell used video games, which are generally priced lower than new video games and do not result in any
revenue to the publisher of the games. The market for these games may be growing. Sales of used video games could negatively affect our sales of new video games and have an adverse impact on our
operating results. Our products are subject to ratings by the Entertainment Software Rating Board and similar agencies. Our failure to obtain our target ratings for our products could
negatively impact our sales. The Entertainment Software Rating Board (the "ESRB") is a self-regulatory body in the U.S. that provides consumers of
interactive entertainment software with ratings information, including information relating to violence, nudity or sexual content contained in software titles. Certain countries other than the U.S.
have also established similar rating systems as prerequisites for product sales in those countries. In some countries, a company may be required to modify its products to comply with the requirements
of the rating systems, which could delay or disrupt the release of any given product, or may prevent its sale altogether in certain territories. The ESRB rating categories are "Early Childhood" (age
three and older), "Everyone" (age six and older), "Everyone 10+" (age 10 and older), "Teen" (age 13 and over), "Mature" (age 17 and over) and "Adults Only"). Certain of our titles have received a
"Mature" rating; none of our titles has received an "Adults Only" rating. If we are unable to obtain the ratings we have targeted for our products as a result of changes in the ESRB's ratings
standards or for other reasons, including the adoption of legislation in this area, our business and prospects could be negatively affected. Our business, products, and distribution are subject to increasing regulation of content in key territories. If we do not successfully respond to these regulations, our
business may suffer. Legislation is continually being introduced that may affect both the content and the distribution of our products. Those laws and
regulations vary by territory and may be inconsistent with one another or with our current practices. For example, privacy laws in the U.S. and Europe impose various restrictions on the collection,
storage and use of personal information. We may be required to modify certain of our product development processes or alter our marketing strategies to comply with such regulations, which could be
costly or delay the release of our products. In addition, many foreign countries,
such as China and Germany, have laws that permit governmental entities to restrict the content and/or advertising of interactive entertainment software or prohibit certain types of content.
Further, legislation which attempts to restrict distribution of such products because of the content therein has been introduced at one time or another at the federal and state levels in the U.S. The
adoption and enforcement of legislation which restricts the content of our products in the U.S. and other countries in which we do business may harm the sales of our products, as the products we are
able to offer to our customers and the size of the potential market for our products may be limited. Failure to comply with any applicable legislation may also result in governmental imposed fines. If our products contain defects, our business and reputation could be harmed significantly. Software products as complex as the ones we publish may contain undetected errors and defects. This risk is often higher when such
products are first introduced or when new versions are first released. Failure to avoid, or to timely detect and correct, such errors or defects could result in loss of, or delay in, market
acceptance, and could significantly harm our business, financial results, and reputation. A substantial portion of World of Warcraft's subscribers pays their subscription fees using credit cards. Credit card fraud could have a negative impact on our business and
operating results. A substantial portion of the subscription revenue generated by World of Warcraft is
paid by subscribers using credit cards. At times, there may be attempts to use fraudulently obtained credit card numbers to pay for World of Warcraft upgrades or subscriptions. Additionally, the credit card numbers of World of Warcraft 's subscribers are maintained in a proprietary database that may be
subject to malicious intrusion by hackers or otherwise compromised internally or externally. As fraudulent schemes become more sophisticated, it may become more difficult and more costly for us to
detect credit card fraud and we may be required to incur costs to implement additional security measures to protect subscriber information. An increase in credit card fraud could have an adverse
effect on our business, reputation, and operating results. In addition, we may be subject to legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, if there is loss,
disclosure or misappropriation of or access to our customers' credit card information. Data breaches involving the source code for our products or customer or employee data stored by us could adversely affect our reputation and revenues. We store the source code and game assets for our interactive entertainment software products as created. In addition, we store
confidential information with respect to our customers and employees. A malicious intrusion by hackers or other breach of the systems on which such source code and assets, account information
(including personally identifiable information) and other sensitive data is stored could lead to piracy of our software, fraudulent activity or less, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to our
customers' and employees' personally identifiable information or our own sensitive business data. A data intrusion into a server for a game with online features, such as World
of Warcraft , or a digital service with online features, like Call of Duty Elite , could also disrupt the operation of such game
or platform. If we are subject to data security breaches, we may have a loss in sales or subscriptions or be forced to pay damages or incur other costs, including from the implementation of additional
security measures, any of which could adversely affect profitability. Any damage to our reputation resulting from a data breach could have an adverse impact on our revenues and future growth
prospects. In addition, we may be subject to legal claims or proceedings in connection with data security breaches, including regulatory investigations and actions, which may adversely impact our
business, operating results and financial condition. Our results of operations or reputation may be harmed as a result of offensive consumer-posted content. We are subject to risks associated with the collaborative online features in our games which allow consumers to post narrative comment,
in real time, which is visible to other players. Despite our efforts to restrict inappropriate consumer content, from time to time objectionable and offensive consumer content may be posted to a
gaming or other site with online chat features or game forums which allow consumers to post comments. We may be subject to lawsuits, governmental regulation or restrictions, and consumer backlash
(including decreased sales and harmed reputation), as a result of consumers posting offensive content, any of which could harm our operating results. We may also be subject to consumer backlash from
comments made in response to postings we make on social media sites such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter, which could similarly harm our reputation or operating results. If one or more of our titles were found to contain objectionable undisclosed content, our business could suffer. Throughout the history of the interactive entertainment industry, many video games have been designed to include certain hidden content
and gameplay features that are accessible through the use of in-game cheat codes or other technological means that are intended to enhance the gameplay experience. In some cases, such
undisclosed content or features has been considered to be objectionable. In a few cases, the ESRB has reacted to discoveries of such undisclosed content and features by changing the rating or
associated content descriptors originally assigned to the product, requiring the publisher to change the game or game packaging or resulting in fines to the publisher. Retailers have on occasion
reacted to the discovery of such undisclosed content by removing these games from their shelves, refusing to sell them, and demanding that their publishers accept them as product returns. Likewise,
some interactive entertainment software consumers have reacted to the revelation of undisclosed content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding refunds for games they have already purchased,
refraining from buying other games published by the company whose game contained the objectionable material, and, on at least one occasion, filing a lawsuit against the publisher of the product
containing such content. We
have implemented preventive measures designed to reduce the possibility of objectionable undisclosed content from appearing in the video games we publish. Nonetheless, these
preventive measures are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. If a video game we publish is found to contain undisclosed content, we could be subject
to any of these consequences and our reputation could be harmed, which could have a negative impact on our operating results and financial condition, and our business and financial performance could
be significantly harmed. We may not be able to adequately adjust our cost structure in a timely fashion in response to a sudden decrease in demand. In the event of a significant decline in demand for one or more of our products, we may not be able to reduce personnel or make other
changes to our cost structure without disrupting our operations or incurring costs. Further, we may not be able to implement such actions in a timely manner, if at all, to offset an immediate
shortfall in revenue and profit. Moreover, cost-reduction actions may decrease our employee morale and result in the failure to execute upon our business plan due to the loss of employees
or impact our ability to retain or recruit key employees, any of which could harm our operating results. In addition, any such action may involve the risk that our senior management's attention will
be excessively diverted from our other operations, thereby further harming our operating results. We engage in strategic transactions and may encounter difficulties in integrating acquired businesses or otherwise realizing the anticipated benefits of the transactions. As part of our business strategy, we acquire, make investments in, or enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures with
complementary businesses from time to time. These transactions may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: (A) in the case of an acquisition, (i) the difficulty in
integrating the acquired business and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (ii) any liabilities assumed as part of the acquisition, and (iii) the potential loss of key
employees of the acquired businesses, and, (B) in the case of an investment, alliance or joint venture, our ability to cooperate with our partner. If any such transaction involves an entity
outside of the United States, it may also subject us to the risks and uncertainties of international trade, including the risk that our operations outside the U.S. could be conducted by our employees,
contractors, representatives or agents in ways that violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other similar anti-bribery laws. Further, any such transaction may involve the risk that
our senior management's attention will be excessively diverted from our other operations, the risk that our industry does not evolve as anticipated and that any intellectual property or personnel
skills acquired do not prove to be those needed for our future success, and the risk that our strategic objectives, cost savings or other anticipated benefits are otherwise not achieved. Any of the
foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our involvement in joint ventures decreases our ability to manage risk. We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control with our joint venture partners. Although we enter
into joint venture arrangements in order to share risks with our joint venture partners, these arrangements may also decrease our ability to manage risk. As with any joint venture arrangement,
differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues. There is the risk that our joint venture partners may at any time
have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. There is also risk that our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we
may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any joint ventures could have
an adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations. We
anticipate entering into additional joint ventures with other entities. We cannot assure that we will undertake such joint ventures or, if undertaken, that such joint ventures will be
successful or produce the anticipated benefits. Historically, our stock price has been highly volatile. The trading price of our common stock has been, and could continue to be, subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors,
including for example, but without limitation: In
addition, the public stock markets have been experiencing extreme price and trading volume volatility. This volatility has significantly affected the market prices of securities of
many technology
companies for reasons often unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. Our corporate headquarters are located in the Los Angeles, California area, which is near a major earthquake fault. A major earthquake
or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems, or otherwise prevents us from conducting our normal
business operations, could harm our operating results. Item 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS