Risk Factors 
 Many statements contained in this Report are forward-looking in nature. These statements are based on our current plans,
intentions or expectations, and actual results could differ materially as we cannot guarantee that we will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. See “— Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”
Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those specifically identified below. 
 Risks Related
to Our Business 
 Our results of operations have been, and could continue to be, adversely affected
by the recent downturn in the U.S. economy and in the local economies of the markets in which we operate. 
 Revenue generated by our radio stations depends primarily upon the sale of advertising. Advertising expenditures, which we believe to be largely a discretionary business expense, declined significantly
during the recent economic recession, and have only recently begun to improve, partially in light of continued economic uncertainty. Furthermore, because a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from local advertisers, our ability to generate
advertising revenue in specific markets is directly affected by local or regional 
 economic conditions, many of which have not returned to pre-recessionary levels. Consequently, the recent recession in the national economy and continued uncertainty in the economies of several
individual geographic markets in which we own or operate stations continue to adversely affect our advertising revenue and, therefore, our results of operations. 
 In light of the limited and ongoing recovery from the recent recession, certain individual business sectors that may have
historically spent more on advertising than other sectors might be forced to reduce their advertising expenditures or not return them to pre-recessionary levels if that sector fails to recover on pace with the overall economy. If that sector’s
spending would otherwise have represented a significant portion of our advertising revenues, any reduction in its expenditures may adversely affect our revenue. 
 We operate in a very competitive business environment and a decrease in our ratings or market share would adversely affect our revenues. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is very competitive. The success of each of our stations depends largely upon rates it
can charge for its advertising, the number of local advertising competitors, and the overall demand for advertising within individual markets. These conditions are subject to change and highly susceptible to macroeconomic conditions. Any
adverse change in a particular market affecting advertising expenditures, or any adverse change in the relative market share of the stations located in a particular market, could have a material adverse effect on the revenue of our radio stations
located in that market. There can be no assurance that any one or all of our stations will be able to maintain or increase advertising revenue market share. 
 Audience ratings and market shares fluctuate, and any adverse change in a particular market could have a material adverse effect on the revenue of stations located in that market. While we already compete
with other stations with comparable programming formats in many of our markets, any one of our stations could suffer a reduction in ratings or revenue and could require increased promotion and other expenses, and, consequently, could have a lower
Adjusted EBITDA, if: 
 another radio station in the market was to convert its programming format to a format similar to our station or launch aggressive promotional
campaigns; 
 a new station were to adopt a competitive format; 
 there is a shift in population, demographics, audience tastes or other factors beyond our control; or 
 an existing competitor was to strengthen its operations. 
 The Telecom Act allows for the consolidation of ownership of radio broadcasting stations in the markets in which we
operate or may operate in the future. Some competing consolidated owners may be larger and have substantially more financial and other resources than we do. In addition, increased consolidation in our target markets may result in greater competition
for acquisition candidates and a corresponding increase in purchase prices we pay for these acquisitions, which would adversely impact our ability to complete or profit from acquisitions. 
 The loss of affiliation agreements by our radio networks could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. 
 Our radio networks have approximately 4,500 station affiliates and 9,000 program
affiliations. They receive advertising inventory from their affiliated stations, either in the form of stand-alone advertising time within a specified time period or commercials inserted by our radio networks into their programming. In addition,
primarily with respect to satellite radio providers, we receive a fee for providing such programming. The loss of network affiliation agreements by our radio networks could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the reach of our
network programming and, therefore, their attractiveness to advertisers. Renewals of such agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect our results of operations through reduction of advertising revenue. 
 We must respond to the rapid changes in technology, services and standards that characterize our industry in order to remain
competitive. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to technological change, evolving industry
standards and the emergence of new media technologies and services. In some cases, our ability to compete will be dependent on our acquisition of new technologies and our provision of new services, and there can be no assurance that we will have the
resources to acquire those new technologies or provide 
 those new services; in other cases, the introduction of new technologies and services, including online music services, could increase competition and have an adverse effect on our revenue.
Recent new media technologies and services include the following: 
 audio programming by cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite systems, Internet content providers (both landline and wireless),
Internet-based audio radio services, smart phone and other mobile applications, satellite delivered digital audio radio service and other digital audio broadcast formats; 
 HD
Radio 
 digital radio, which could provide multi-channel,
multi-format digital radio services in the same bandwidth currently occupied by traditional AM and FM radio services; and 
 LPFM radio, which could result in additional FM radio broadcast stations in markets where we have stations. 
 In the future, there may be additional technologies or services developed that compete with radio broadcasting, and that
could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. We also cannot provide any assurances that we will continue to have the resources to acquire any necessary new technologies or to introduce new services that could
compete with any new technologies. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that competition arising from new technologies may have on the radio broadcasting industry or on our business. 
 We have written off, and could in the future be required to write off, a significant portion of the fair market value of our FCC
broadcast licenses and goodwill, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2011, our FCC licenses and goodwill comprised 73.0% of our assets. Each year, and on an interim basis if appropriate, we are required by Accounting Standards Codification Topic
350, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (“ASC 350”), to assess the fair market value of our FCC broadcast licenses and goodwill to determine whether the carrying value of those assets is impaired. During the year ended December 31,
2011 we did not have any impairment. During the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 we recorded impairment charges of approximately $0.7 million, and $175.0 million, respectively, in order to reduce the carrying value of certain broadcast
licenses and goodwill to their respective fair market values. Our future impairment reviews could result in additional impairment charges. Such additional impairment charges would reduce our reported earnings for the periods in which they are
recorded. 
 There are risks associated with our acquisition strategy. 
 We intend to continue to grow by acquiring radio station clusters and individual radio stations in the future. We cannot
predict whether we will be successful in pursuing any acquisitions or what the consequences of these acquisitions would be. In addition, there can be no assurances that we will continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates. Consummation of
any acquisitions would be subject to various conditions, such as compliance with FCC and antitrust regulatory requirements. The FCC requirements include: 
 approval of license assignments and transfers; 
 limits on the number of stations a broadcaster may own in a given local market; and 
 other rules or policies, such as the ownership attribution rules, that could limit our ability to acquire stations in certain markets where one or
more of our stockholders, officers or directors has other media interests. 
 The antitrust
regulatory requirements currently include: 
 filings with the DOJ and the FTC under the HSR Act, where applicable; 
 expiration or termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act; and 
 possible review by the United States DOJ or the FTC of antitrust issues under the HSR Act or otherwise. 
 We cannot be certain that any of these conditions will be satisfied, the timing thereof or the potential impact that any
such conditions may have on us. In addition, the FCC has in the past asserted the authority to review levels of local radio market concentration as part of its acquisition approval process, even where proposed assignments would comply with the
numerical limits on local radio station ownership in the FCC’s rules and the Communications Act. 
 Our acquisition strategy involves numerous other risks, including risks
associated with: 
 identifying suitable acquisition candidates and negotiating definitive purchase agreements on satisfactory terms; 
 integrating operations and systems and managing a large and geographically diverse group of stations; 
 diverting our management’s attention from other business concerns; 
 potentially losing key employees at acquired stations; 
 potential changes in the regulatory approval process that may make it materially more expensive, or materially delay our ability, to consummate any
proposed acquisitions; and 
 a diminishing number of properties available for sale in appropriately sized and located markets. 
 We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully integrate any acquisitions or manage the resulting business
effectively, or that any acquisition will achieve the benefits that we anticipate. In addition, we are not certain that we will be able to acquire properties at valuations as favorable as those of previous acquisitions. Depending upon the nature,
size and timing of potential future acquisitions, we may be required to raise additional financing in order to consummate additional acquisitions. We cannot assure you that our debt agreements, as may be in place at any time, will permit us to
consummate an acquisition or access the necessary additional financing because of certain covenant restrictions or that additional financing will be available to us or, if available, that financing would be on terms acceptable to our management. 
 We are required to obtain prior Federal approval for each radio station acquisition, which approvals may be subject to
our compliance with certain conditions possibly including asset divestitures, which may be material. 
 Acquisitions have been, and may continue to be, a critical component of our overall strategy. The acquisition of a radio
station requires the prior approval of the FCC and may require approvals by other governmental agencies, such as the DOJ or the FTC. To obtain that approval, a proposed acquirer is required to file a transfer of control or assignment application
with the FCC. The Communications Act and FCC rules allow members of the public and other interested parties to file petitions to deny or other objections to the FCC with respect to the grant of any transfer or assignment application. The FCC could
rely on those objections or its own initiative to deny a transfer or assignment application or to require changes in the transaction, including the divestiture of radio stations and other assets that we already own or propose to acquire, as a
condition to having the application granted. The FCC could also change its existing rules and policies to reduce the number of stations that we would be permitted to acquire in some markets. For these and other reasons, there can be no assurance
that the FCC will approve potential future acquisitions that we deem material to our business. 
 Disruptions in the
capital and credit markets could restrict our ability to access further financing. 
 We rely in
significant part on the capital and credit markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds from operations are not sufficient for these purposes. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets, such as have
been experienced over the past several years, could adversely affect our ability to draw on our credit facilities or access capital. Access to funds under credit facilities is dependent on the ability of our lenders to meet their funding
commitments. Those lenders may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from their borrowers within a short period of time.
Disruptions in the capital and credit markets have also resulted in increased costs associated with bank credit facilities. Continued disruptions could increase our interest expense and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation,
reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions, could adversely affect our access to financing. Any such disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit
arrangements or other funding can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future uses of cash, any of which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to credit risk on our accounts receivable. This risk is heightened
during periods when economic conditions worsen. 
 Our outstanding trade receivables are not covered by
collateral or credit insurance. While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on our receivables, which risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen, there can be no assurance such procedures will
effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Counterparties to derivative transactions we enter into may not be able to perform their obligations under such transactions. 
 Although we evaluate the credit quality of potential counterparties to derivative transactions and only enter into
agreements from time to time with those deemed to have minimal credit risk at the time the agreements are executed, there can be no assurances that such counterparties will be able to perform their obligations under the relevant agreements. If our
counterparties fail to perform their obligations, we may not be able to receive the expected benefits from such derivative transactions, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on key personnel. 
 Our business is managed by a small number of key management and operating personnel, and our loss of one or more of these
individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. We believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel and to expand, train and manage our employee
base. Although we have entered into employment agreements with some of our key management personnel that include provisions restricting their ability to compete with us under specified circumstances, we cannot assure you that all of those
restrictions would be enforced if challenged in court. 
 We also employ several on-air personalities with large
loyal audiences in their individual markets. On occasion, we enter into employment agreements with these personalities to protect our interests in those relationships that we believe to be valuable. The loss of one or more of these personalities
could result in losses of audience share in that particular market which, in turn, could adversely affect revenues in that particular market. 
 The broadcasting industry is subject to extensive and changing Federal regulation. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the FCC under the Communications Act. We are required to obtain licenses from the FCC to operate our stations. Licenses are normally
granted for a term of eight years and are renewable. Although the vast majority of FCC radio station licenses are routinely renewed, we cannot assure you that the FCC will grant our existing or future renewal applications or that the renewals will
not include conditions out of the ordinary course of our operations. The non-renewal, or renewal with conditions, of one or more of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We must also comply with the extensive FCC regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of our radio stations.
FCC regulations limit the number of radio stations that a licensee can own in a market, which could restrict our ability to acquire radio stations that could be material to our overall financial performance or our financial performance in a
particular market. 
 The FCC also requires radio stations to comply with certain technical requirements to
limit interference between two or more radio stations. Despite those limitations, a dispute could arise whether another station is improperly interfering with the operation of one of our stations or another radio licensee could complain to the FCC
that one our stations is improperly interfering with that licensee’s station. There can be no assurance as to how the FCC might resolve that dispute. These FCC regulations and others may change over time, and we cannot assure that those changes
would not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The FCC has been vigorous in its enforcement of its indecency rules
against the broadcast industry, a violation of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 FCC regulations prohibit the broadcast of “obscene” material at any time, and “indecent” material between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The FCC has increased its
enforcement efforts over the last few years with respect to these regulations. The FCC regulatory oversight has been augmented by legislation that substantially increased the penalties for broadcasting indecent programming (up to $325,000 for each
incident), and subjected broadcasters to license revocation, renewal or qualification proceedings under certain circumstances in the event that they broadcast indecent or obscene material. However, the FCC has 
 refrained from processing and disposing of thousands of complaints that have been filed because of uncertainty concerning the validity of prior FCC rulings, which are now being challenged in
various courts. It is impossible to predict when courts will finally resolve outstanding issues and what, if any, impact those judicial decisions will have on any complaints that have been or may be filed against our stations. Whatever the impact of
those judicial decisions, we may in the future become subject to new FCC inquiries or proceedings related to our stations’ broadcast of allegedly indecent or obscene material. To the extent that such an inquiry or proceeding results in the
imposition of fines, a settlement with the FCC, revocation of any of our station licenses or denials of license renewal applications, our results of operation and business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Proposed legislation requires radio broadcasters to pay royalties to record labels and recording artists. 
 We currently pay royalties to song composers and publishers through Broadcast Music Inc., the American Society of
Composers, Authors and Publishers and SESAC, Inc. Congress has been considering legislation which would change the copyright fees and the procedures by which the fees are determined. The legislation has been the subject of considerable debate and
activity by the broadcast industry and other parties affected by the legislation. It cannot be predicted whether any proposed legislation will become law or what impact it would have on our results from operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 We are a holding company with no material independent assets or operations and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. 
 We are a holding company with no material independent assets or operations, other than our
investments in our subsidiaries. Because we are a holding company, we are dependent upon the payment of dividends, distributions, loans or advances to us by our subsidiaries to fund our obligations. These payments could be subject to restrictions on
dividends or other payment restrictions under applicable laws in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate. Payments by our subsidiaries are also contingent upon the subsidiaries’ earnings. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funds
from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our financial condition and ability to meet our obligations may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 The level of our outstanding debt may make it more difficult to comply with the covenants in our debt instruments, including the financial covenants in our First Lien Facility (as defined below),
which could cause a default or an event of default under such debt instruments and could result in the loss of our sources of liquidity, acceleration of our indebtedness and, in some instances, the foreclosure on some or all of our assets, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The
instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness contain restrictive covenants. In addition, our First Lien Credit Agreement (the “First Lien Facility”), dated as of September 16, 2011, among the Company, Cumulus Holdings, as
Borrower, certain lenders, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (“JPMorgan”), UBS, Macquarie, Royal Bank of Canada and ING Capital LLC, as Co-Syndication Agents, and U.S. Bank National Association and Fifth Third Bank, as
Co-Documentation Agents, subjects us to a financial covenant if any amounts are outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) or any letters of credit are outstanding that have not been collateralized by cash. As of December 31,
2011, we had $150.0 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, and, as result, were subject to the financial covenant. Our ability to comply with the covenants in the (i) indenture governing the 7.75% Senior Notes (the
“Indenture”), (ii) First Lien Facility and (iii) Second Lien Credit Agreement (the “Second Lien Facility” and, together with the First Lien Facility, the “2011 Credit Facilities”), dated as of September 16,
2011, among the Company, Cumulus Holdings, as Borrower, certain lenders, JPMorgan, as Administrative Agent, and UBS, Macquarie, Royal Bank of Canada and ING Capital LLC, as Co-Syndication Agents will depend upon our future performance and various
other factors, such as business, competitive, technological, legislative and regulatory factors, some of which are beyond our control. As of December 31, 2011 we were in compliance with all covenants required under our debt obligations,
including the financial covenant under our First Lien Facility. We may not be able to maintain compliance with all of our covenants in the future. In that event, we would need to seek an amendment or waiver to the applicable agreement, or a
refinancing of such obligations. There can be no assurance that we will be able obtain any amendment or waiver of any such facilities and, even if so, it is likely that such relief would only last for a specified period, potentially necessitating
additional amendments, waivers or refinancings in the future. 
 In the event that we do not maintain compliance
with the covenants under the 2011 Credit Facilities, lenders could declare an event of default, subject to applicable notice and cure provisions, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial position. Upon the occurrence of an event of
default, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the 2011 Credit Facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. In addition, lenders under any of our indebtedness to
which a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision applies may then be entitled to take certain similar actions. In the event any of our lenders or noteholders, accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to
repay such indebtedness. 
 The lenders under the 2011 Credit Facilities have taken security interests
in substantially all of our consolidated assets, and we have pledged the stock of certain of our subsidiaries to secure the debt under the 2011 Credit Facilities. If the lenders accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may be forced to liquidate
certain assets to repay all or part of such borrowings, and we cannot assure you that sufficient assets will remain after we have paid all of the borrowings under such 2011 Credit Facilities. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders
could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Our ability to liquidate assets could also be affected by the regulatory restrictions associated with radio
stations, including FCC licensing, which may make the market for these assets less liquid and increase the chances that these assets will be liquidated at a significant loss. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our
indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and
operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from
operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity
problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect
any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. The 2011 Credit Facilities restrict our ability to dispose
of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions, and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or obtain proceeds in an
amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may
still be able to incur additional debt. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above. 
 We may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future. Although the Indenture and the 2011 Credit Facilities contain, and credit facilities we enter into in the future may contain, restrictions on
the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and any additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be material. These restrictions also will
not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. As of December 31, 2011, we had borrowing availability of $650.0 million remaining under the 2011 Credit Facilities, $150.0 million under our revolver and $500.0
million under our incremental term loan facility. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk,
which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Borrowings under the First
Lien Facility and the Second Lien Facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed
remained the same, and our net income would decrease. As a result, a significant increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 The terms of the Indenture and the 2011 Credit Facilities restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The Indenture and the 2011 Credit Facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating
and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock; 
 prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; 
 issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities; 
 make loans and investments; 
 sell assets; 
 incur liens; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 alter the businesses we conduct; 
 enter into agreements restricting our restricted subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends; and 
 consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
 In addition, the restrictive covenants in the 2011 Credit Facilities require us to maintain compliance with specified
financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. Under the First Lien Facility, Cumulus Holdings and its restricted subsidiaries were required to maintain compliance with a consolidated total net leverage ratio no higher than 7.75 to 1
as of December 31, 2011 (with stepdowns beginning in the quarter ending June 30, 2012, if amounts remain outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility). Our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events
beyond our control. A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the Indenture or the 2011 Credit Facilities could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related
debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under the 2011 Credit Facilities would permit the lenders under those facilities to
terminate all commitments to extend further credit under those facilities. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under the 2011 Credit Facilities, the lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to
secure that indebtedness. In the event our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. 
 As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 
 limited in how we conduct our business; 
 unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or 
 unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 These restrictions may adversely affect our ability to operate our current and planned business, or make certain changes
in our business and to respond to changing circumstances, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our financial results, our indebtedness and our credit ratings could
adversely affect the availability and terms of any financing. 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 The public market for our Class A Common Stock may be volatile. 
 We cannot assure you that the market price of our Class A common stock will not decline and the market price could
be subject to wide fluctuations in response to such factors as: 
 conditions and trends in the radio broadcasting industry; 
 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results, including audience share ratings and financial results; 
 changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; 
 technological innovations; 
 competitive developments; 
 adoption of new accounting standards affecting companies in general or affecting companies in the radio broadcasting industry in
particular; and 
 general market conditions and other factors. 
 Further, the stock markets, and in particular the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the market on which our Class A
common stock is listed, from time to time have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that were not necessarily related or proportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. In addition, general economic, political and
market conditions such as recessions, interest rate movements or international currency fluctuations, may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Certain stockholders or groups of stockholders have, and will have, the right to appoint members to our board of directors and, consequently, the ability to exert significant influence over us. 
 As of December 31, 2011, and after giving effect to the exercise of all of their respective
options exercisable within 60 days of that date, Lewis W. Dickey, Jr., our Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and a director, his brother, John W. Dickey, our Executive Vice President, and their father, Lewis W. Dickey, Sr., together with
members of their family (collectively, the “Dickeys”), collectively beneficially owned shares representing approximately 16.0% of the outstanding voting power of our common stock. 
 Also as of December 31, 2011, Crestview was our largest shareholder and, according to a Schedule 13D/A filed on
November 22, 2011, beneficially owned shares representing approximately 43.8% of our common stock. 
 In
addition, in connection with the Equity Investment, on September 16, 2011, the Company entered into a Stockholders’ Agreement (the “Stockholders Agreement”) with BA Capital Company, L.P. and Banc of America Capital Investors
SBIC, L.P. (together, the “BofA Stockholders”), Blackstone, the Dickeys, Crestview, Macquarie and UBS. Under the Stockholders Agreement, the size of the Company’s Board was increased to seven members, and the two vacancies on the
Board created thereby were filled by individuals designated by Crestview. In accordance with the Stockholders Agreement, Crestview maintains the right to designate two individuals for nomination to the Board, and each of the Dickeys, the BofA
Stockholders and Blackstone maintains the right to designate one individual for nomination to the Board. The Stockholders Agreement provides that the other two positions on the Board will be filled by the Company’s remaining two directors, both
of whom are independent, or their successors, who shall meet applicable independence criteria. The Stockholders Agreement also provides that, for so long as Crestview is the Company’s largest stockholder, it will have the right to have one of
its designees, who shall meet the definition of an independent director and who is elected to the Board, and is selected by it, appointed as the “lead director” of the Board. Further, the parties to the Stockholders Agreement (other than
the Company) have agreed to support such directors (or others as may be designated by the relevant stockholders) as nominees to be presented to the Company’s stockholders for approval at subsequent stockholder meetings for the term set out in
the Stockholders Agreement. Each stockholder party’s respective director nomination rights will generally survive for so long as it continues to own a specified percentage of the Company’s stock, subject to certain exceptions. 
 As a result of these significant stockholdings, and their right to designate members of our board, these stockholders are
expected to be able to continue to exert significant influence over our policies and management, potentially in a manner which may not be in our best interests. 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains and incorporates by reference “forward-looking statements” within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). For purposes of federal and state securities laws, forward-looking
statements are all statements other than those of historical fact and are typically identified by the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “continues,” “intends,” “likely,”
“may,” “plans,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and similar expressions, whether in the negative or the affirmative. These statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current
expectations of Cumulus and its directors and officers with respect to, among other things, future events, their respective financial results and financial trends expected to impact Cumulus. 
 Such forward-looking statements are and will be, as the case may be, subject to change and subject to many risks,
uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, which may cause our actual results to be materially different from any future results, expressed or implied, by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the possibility that problems may arise in successfully integrating the historical business of Cumulus with CMP and Citadel; 
 the possibility that we may be unable to achieve any expected cost-saving or operational synergies in connection with any acquisitions or business
improvements, or achieve them within the expected time periods; 
 the possibility that we may be unable to achieve certain expected revenue results, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; 
 the possibility that our industry may be subject to future regulatory or legislative actions; 
 our ability to maintain contracts and leases that are critical to our operations; 
 our ability to attract, motivate and/or retain key executives and associates; 
 our ability to execute our business plan and strategy; 
 our ability to execute and implement our acquisition and divestiture strategies; 
 general economic or business conditions affecting the radio broadcasting industry being less favorable than expected, including the impact of
decreased spending by advertisers; 
 increased competition in the radio broadcasting industry; 
 the impact of current or pending legislation and regulations, antitrust considerations, and pending or future litigation or claims; 
 general economic and business conditions; 
 changes in government regulations; 
 changes in policies or actions or in regulatory bodies; 
 changes in uncertain tax positions and tax rates; 
 changes in the financial markets; 
 changes in capital expenditure requirements; 
 changes in market conditions that could impair our goodwill or intangible assets; 
 changes in interest rates; and 
 other risks and uncertainties. 
 Many of these factors are beyond our control or difficult to predict, and their ultimate impact could be material. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. Except as may be required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments