Many statements contained in this Report are forward-looking in nature. These statements are based on our current plans, intentions or expectations, and actual results could differ materially as we cannot guarantee that we will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. See “— Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those specifically identified below. The Company cautions you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Additional factors not presently known to the Company, or that the Company does not currently believe to be material, may also cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or alter these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. \n Risks Related to Our Business \n The success of our business is dependent upon advertising revenues, which are seasonal and cyclical, and will also fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. \n Our main source of revenue is the sale of advertising. Our ability to sell advertising depends on, among other things: \n • economic conditions in the areas where our stations are located and in the nation as a whole; \n • the popularity of the programming offered by our stations; \n • changes in the population demographics in the areas where our stations are located; \n • local and national advertising price fluctuations, which can be affected by the availability of programming, the popularity of programming, and the relative supply of and demand for commercial advertising; \n • our competitors’ activities, including increased competition from other advertising-based mediums; \n • decisions by advertisers to withdraw or delay planned advertising expenditures for any reason; and \n • other factors beyond our control. \n Our operations and revenues also tend to be seasonal in nature, with generally lower revenue generated in the first quarter of the year and generally higher revenue generated in the second and fourth quarters of the year.  The seasonality of our business reflects the adult orientation of our formats and relationship between advertising purchases on these formats and the retail cycle. This seasonality causes and will likely continue to cause a variation in our quarterly operating results.  Such variations could have a material effect on the timing of our cash flows.  In addition, our revenues tend to fluctuate between years, consistent with, among other things, increased advertising expenditures in even-numbered years by political candidates, political parties and special interest groups. This political spending typically is heaviest during the fourth quarter. \n We operate in a very competitive business environment and a decrease in our ratings or market share would adversely affect our revenues. \n The radio broadcasting industry is very competitive. The success of each of our stations depends largely upon rates it can charge for its advertising which, in turn, depends on, among other things, the number of local advertising competitors and the overall demand for advertising within individual markets. These conditions are subject to change and highly susceptible to both micro and macroeconomic conditions. \n Audience ratings and market shares fluctuate, and any adverse change in a particular market could have a material adverse effect on the revenue of stations located in that market. While we already compete with other stations with comparable programming formats in many of our markets, any one of our stations could suffer a reduction in ratings or revenue and could require increased promotion and other expenses, and, consequently, could experience reduced operating results, if: \n • another radio station in the market was to convert its programming format to a format similar to our station or launch aggressive promotional campaigns; \n • a new station were to adopt a competitive format; \n • we experience increased competition from non-radio sources; \n • there is a shift in population, demographics, audience tastes or other factors beyond our control; \n • an existing competitor was to strengthen its operations; or \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n • any one or all of our stations were unable to maintain or increase advertising revenue or market share for any other reasons. \n The Telecom Act may allow for the further consolidation of ownership of radio broadcasting stations in markets in which we operate or may operate in the future, which could further increase competition in these markets. In addition, some competing owners may be larger and have substantially more financial and other resources than we do, which could provide them with certain advantages in competing against us. As a result of all the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the competitive environment will not affect us, and that any one or all of our stations will be able to maintain or increase advertising revenue market share. \n The loss of affiliation agreements by our radio networks could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. \n Our radio networks have approximately 14,000 station affiliates and 8,500 program affiliations. They receive advertising inventory from their affiliated stations, either in the form of stand-alone advertising time within a specified time period or commercials inserted by our radio networks into their programming. In addition, primarily with respect to satellite radio providers, we receive a fee for providing such programming. The loss of network affiliation agreements by our radio networks could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the reach of our network programming and, therefore, their attractiveness to advertisers. Renewals of such agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect our results of operations through reduction of advertising revenue. \n We must continue to respond to the rapid changes in technology, services and standards that characterize our industry in order to remain competitive. Our failure to timely or appropriately respond to any such changes could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. \n The radio broadcasting industry is subject to technological change, evolving industry standards and the emergence of other media technologies and services with which we compete for advertising dollars. We may not have the resources to acquire and deploy other technologies or to create or introduce new services that could effectively compete with these other technologies. Competition arising from other technologies or regulatory change may have a material adverse effect on us, and on the radio broadcasting industry as a whole. Various other audio technologies and services that have recently been developed and introduced, and which have or will have the ability to compete for advertising dollars traditionally spent on radio advertising include: \n • personal digital audio devices (e.g. smart phones, tablets); \n • satellite delivered digital radio services that offer numerous programming channels such as Sirius Satellite Radio; \n • audio programming by internet content providers, internet radio stations such as Pandora Internet Radio, cable systems, direct broadcast satellite systems, personal communications services and other digital audio broadcast formats; \n • HD Radio, which provides multi-channel, multi-format digital radio services in the same bandwidth currently occupied by traditional AM and FM radio services; \n • low power FM radio stations, which are non-commercial FM radio broadcast outlets that serve small, localized areas; \n • portable digital devices and systems that permit users to listen to programming on a time-delayed basis and to fast-forward through programming and/or advertisements; and \n • search engine and e-commerce websites where a significant portion of their revenues are derived from advertising dollars such as Google, Inc. and Yelp. \n These or other new technologies have the potential to change the means by which advertisers can reach target audiences most effectively. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that competition arising from other technologies or regulatory change may have on the radio broadcasting as a whole. \n Disruptions or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations, compromise client information and expose us to liability, possibly causing our business and reputation to suffer. \n Any internal technology error or failure impacting systems hosted internally or externally, or any large scale external interruption in technology infrastructure we depend on, such as power, telecommunications or the Internet, may disrupt our technology network. Any individual, sustained or repeated failure of technology could impact our customer service and result in increased costs or reduced revenues. Our technology systems and related data also may be vulnerable to a variety of sources of interruption due to events beyond our control, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. While we have in place, and continue to invest in, technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to prevent a business disruption and its adverse financial and consequences to our business' reputation. \n In addition, as a part of our ordinary business operations, we may collect and store sensitive data, including personal information of our clients, listeners and employees. The secure operation of the networks and systems on which this type of information is stored, processed and maintained is critical to our business operations and strategy. Any compromise of our technology systems resulting from attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance could result in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to clients’, listeners’, employees’ or business partners’ information. Any such loss, disclosure, misappropriation or access could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations and damage our reputation, any or all of which could adversely affect our business. \n We have written off, and could in the future be required to write off, a significant portion of the fair market value of our FCC broadcast licenses and goodwill, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. \n As of December 31, 2014 , our FCC licenses and goodwill comprised 76.1% of our assets. Each year, and more frequently on an interim basis if appropriate, we are required by Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 350 , Intangibles — Goodwill and Other (“ASC 350”), to assess the fair market value of our FCC broadcast licenses and goodwill to determine whether the carrying value of those assets is impaired. If the carrying value of the assets is impaired, we will be required to record a non-cash expense to write-down the book value of the assets to the estimated value. Any such write-down could materially adversely affect our financial results in the period in which such write-down occurs. We did not record any impairment charges in 2014 and 2013 . \n There are risks associated with our acquisition strategy, and our failure to execute this strategy could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. \n We intend to continue to evaluate opportunities to grow by selectively acquiring radio stations in larger markets and geographically strategic regional clusters, as well as complimentary platforms, in the future. We cannot predict whether we will be successful in pursuing or completing any acquisitions or what the consequences of not completing any acquisitions would be. In addition, there can be no assurances that we will be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates. \n Consummation of any proposed acquisitions would likely be subject to various conditions such as compliance with FCC rules and policies. Consummation of acquisitions may also be subject to antitrust regulatory requirements. These FCC rules and policies include provisions which: \n • require prior FCC approval of license assignments and transfers; \n • limit the number of stations a broadcaster may own in a given local market; and \n • include ownership "attribution" rules that could limit our ability to acquire stations in certain markets where one or more of our stockholders, officers or directors has other media interests. \n Antitrust regulatory requirements include: \n • filings with the DOJ and the FTC under the HSR Act, where applicable; \n • awaiting expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act; and \n • possible review by the DOJ or the FTC of antitrust issues under the HSR Act or otherwise. \n The Communications Act and FCC rules allow members of the public and other interested parties to file petitions seeking to deny, or other objections to the FCC with respect to, the grant of any transfer or assignment application. The FCC could rely on those objections or its own initiative to deny a transfer or assignment application or to require changes in the transaction, including the divestiture of radio stations and other assets that we already own or propose to acquire, as a condition to having the application granted. The FCC could also change its existing rules and policies to reduce the number of stations that we would be permitted to acquire in some markets. We cannot be certain that any of these conditions would be satisfied in connection with any proposed acquisition, the timing thereof or the potential impact that any such conditions may have on us, which may include one or more requirements that we divest stations or assets in order to complete any proposed acquisition. In addition, the FCC has in the past considered  an applicant’s existing and prospective share of radio advertising dollars in a particular market as part of its acquisition approval process, even where a proposed assignment or transfer of control would comply with the numerical limits on local radio station ownership in the FCC’s rules and the Communications Act, and while it has expressly disavowed using that policy in its current review of assignments and transfers, the FCC has the power to reinstate the policy, which could materially adversely affect our ability to complete, or obtain the expected benefits from, any proposed \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n acquisition. Any actions by the FCC or DOJ that have the effect of denying, delaying or affecting the terms of any potential acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. \n Our acquisition strategy involves numerous other risks, which may include risks associated with: \n • identifying suitable acquisition candidates and negotiating definitive purchase agreements on satisfactory terms; \n • integrating operations and systems and managing a large and geographically diverse group of stations; \n • obtaining financing to complete acquisitions, which financing may not be available to us at times, in amounts, or at rates acceptable to us, if at all, and potentially the related risks associated with increased debt, \n • diverting our management’s attention from other business concerns; \n • potentially losing key employees at acquired stations; and \n • potential changes in the regulatory approval process that may make it materially more expensive, or materially delay our ability, to consummate any proposed acquisitions. \n We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired stations or businesses or manage the resulting business effectively, or that any acquisition will achieve the benefits that we anticipate. In addition, we are not certain that we will be able to acquire properties at valuations as favorable as those of previous acquisitions. Depending upon the nature, size and timing of potential future acquisitions, we may be required to obtain additional financing in order to consummate any acquisitions. We cannot assure you that our debt agreements, as may be in place at any time, will permit us to consummate an acquisition or access the necessary additional financing because of certain covenant restrictions or that additional financing will be available to us or, if available, that financing would be on terms acceptable to our management. \n Our failure to identify, complete or integrate any acquired business, or to obtain the expected benefits therefrom, could materially adversely affect our strategy, and our financial condition and results of operations. \n We may fail to realize any benefits and incur unanticipated losses related to any acquisition. \n The success of any strategic acquisitions we complete will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the acquired business and assets with our business and our ability to successfully manage the assets so acquired. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Successful integration may also be hampered by any differences between the operations and corporate culture of the two organizations. Additionally, general market and economic conditions may inhibit our successful integration of any business. If we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. Finally, any cost savings that are realized may be offset by losses in revenues from the acquired business, any assets or operations disposed of in connection therewith or otherwise, or charges to earnings in connection with such acquisitions. \n Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could restrict our ability to access further financing. \n We may rely in significant part on the capital and credit markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds from operations are not sufficient for these purposes in the future. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on our credit facilities or access capital. Our access to funds under credit facilities is dependent on, among other things, the ability of our lenders to meet their funding commitments. Those lenders may not be able or willing to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from their borrowers within a short period of time. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets have also resulted in increased costs associated with bank credit facilities. Continued disruptions could increase our interest expense and adversely affect our results of operations. \n Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions, could adversely affect our access to financing. Any such disruption could increase our costs, require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding could be arranged. Such measures could include higher cost financings, deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future uses of cash, any of which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. \n We are exposed to credit risk on our accounts receivable. This risk is heightened during periods of worsened economic conditions. \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n Our outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on our receivables, which risk is heightened during periods of worsened economic conditions, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and enable us to avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. \n We are dependent on key personnel. \n Our business is managed by a small number of key management and operating personnel, and our loss of one or more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. We believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel and to expand, train and manage our employee base. Although we have entered into employment agreements with some of our key management personnel that include provisions restricting their ability to compete with us under specified circumstances, we cannot assure you that all of those restrictions would be enforced if challenged in court. \n We also from time to time enter into agreements with on-air personalities with large loyal audiences in their individual markets to protect our interests in those relationships that we believe to be valuable. The loss of one or more of these personalities could result in losses of audience share in that particular market which, in turn, could adversely affect revenues in that particular market. \n The broadcasting industry is subject to extensive and changing federal regulation. \n The radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the FCC under the Communications Act. We are required to obtain licenses from the FCC to operate our stations. Licenses are normally granted for a term of eight years and are renewable. Although the vast majority of FCC radio station licenses are routinely renewed, we cannot assure you that the FCC will grant our existing or future renewal applications or that the renewals will not include conditions out of the ordinary course. The non-renewal, or renewal with conditions, of one or more of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on us. \n We must also comply with the extensive FCC regulations and policies on the ownership and operation of our radio stations. FCC regulations limit the number of radio stations that a licensee can own in a market, which could restrict our ability to acquire radio stations that could be material to our overall financial performance or our financial performance in a particular market. \n The FCC also requires radio stations to comply with certain technical requirements to limit interference between two or more radio stations. Despite those limitations, a dispute could arise whether another station is improperly interfering with the operation of one of our stations or another radio licensee could complain to the FCC that one our stations is improperly interfering with that licensee’s station. There can be no assurance as to how the FCC might resolve that dispute. These FCC regulations and others may change over time, and we cannot assure you that those changes would not have a material adverse effect on us. \n The FCC has been vigorous in its enforcement of its rules and regulations, including its indecency, sponsorship identification and EAS rules, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. \n As a participant in an industry highly regulated by the FCC, the Company is subject to many rules and regulations that govern the operations of its radio stations. The FCC’s regulatory oversight is augmented by statutory authority for the FCC to impose monetary and non-monetary penalties on broadcasters, which can include substantial fines, the revocation of station licenses, and the shortening or the conditioning of the renewal of station licenses. Indeed, the FCC has previously imposed, or sought to impose, fines on the Company and has shortened the renewal terms for certain of its radio stations, in response to rule violations. It also is not uncommon for the radio station and the FCC to seek to settle alleged rule violations prior to the issuance of an order that would impose fines and other penalties, but such settlements or Consent Decrees usually result in the station owner paying money to the FCC. Notwithstanding the efforts by the Company to prevent violations of FCC rules and regulations, however, it is likely that the Company will continue to be subject to such penalties (whether through the issuance of orders by the FCC or the execution of settlement agreements) given the number of radio stations owned and/or operated by the Company, and those penalties can be substantial. \n The FCC’s regulations, for instance, prohibit the broadcast of “obscene” material at any time, and “indecent” material between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. Violations of this rule can result in fines up to $325,000 for each violation. In June 2012, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision which held that the FCC had failed to give broadcasters adequate notice of a change in FCC policy in 2004 that exposed a station owner to penalties because of broadcasts which included fleeting expletives or momentary nudity (in a television broadcast). In light of pending litigation over its indecency policy, the \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n FCC refrained from disposing of indecency complaints, and reports indicated at one point that hundreds of thousands of indecency complaints were pending at the FCC (and the FCC often required broadcasters like us to enter into agreements to toll the statute of limitations to preserve the FCC's ability to issue fines long after the complaints had been filed as a condition to the FCC’s grant of a renewal application or an assignment or transfer application). In April 2013, the FCC invited comment on the Supreme Court’s decision and what, if any, changes are required in its policies and how it should handle the volume of indecency complaints that were still pending at the FCC. This matter remains pending at the FCC (although the FCC has processed many of the indecency complaints that were back-logged because of the litigation), and it is therefore impossible to predict what, if any, impact the Supreme Court’s decision and the FCC’s ensuing regulatory proceedings will have on any complaints that have been or may be filed against our stations. \n Another area of increased regulatory activity concerns provisions of the Communications Act and FCC regulations that require a radio station to include an on-air announcement which identifies the sponsor of all advertisements and other matter broadcast by any radio station for which any money, service or other valuable consideration is received. After years of relative inactivity on the sponsorship identification front, the FCC recently increased its enforcement of the sponsorship identification requirements, and that heightened activity resulted in the FCC levying a fine against one of the Company’s Chicago, IL radio stations for ads broadcast by the station’s prior owner. While such fine was not material to the operations of the Company, fines for such violations can be substantial as they are dependent on the number of times a particular advertisement is broadcast.  Similarly, the FCC has recently sought to impose substantial fines on broadcasters who transmit Emergency Alert System (“EAS”) codes, or simulations thereof,  in the absence of an actual emergency or authorized test of the EAS. Last year, for instance, the FCC imposed a fine of $1.9 million on three broadcasters based on a determined misuse of EAS tones. \n The Company is currently subject to, and may become subject to new, FCC inquiries or proceedings related to our stations’ broadcasts or operations. We cannot predict the outcome of such inquiries and proceedings, but to the extent that such inquiries or proceedings result in the imposition of fines (alone or in the aggregate), a settlement with the FCC, revocation of any of our station licenses or denials of license renewal applications, our results of operation and business could be materially adversely affected. \n Legislation could require radio broadcasters to pay royalties to record labels and recording artists. \n We currently pay royalties to song composers and publishers through Broadcast Music Inc., the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers and SESAC, Inc. but not to record labels or recording artists for exhibition or use of over the air broadcasts of music. From time to time Congress considers legislation which could change the copyright fees and the procedures by which the fees are determined. The legislation historically has been the subject of considerable debate and activity by the broadcast industry and other parties affected by the proposed legislation. It cannot be predicted whether any proposed legislation will become law or what impact it would have on our results from operations, cash flows or financial position. \n We are a holding company with no material independent assets or operations and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. \n We are a holding company with no material independent assets or operations, other than our investments in our subsidiaries. Because we are a holding company, we are dependent upon the payment of dividends, distributions, loans or advances to us by our subsidiaries to fund our obligations. These payments could be or become subject to restrictions under applicable laws in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate. Payments by our subsidiaries are also contingent upon the subsidiaries’ earnings. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funds from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our financial condition and ability to meet our obligations may be adversely affected. \n Risks Related to Our Indebtedness \n Our financial performance and the level of our outstanding debt may make it more difficult to comply with the covenants in our debt instruments, including the financial covenant in our Credit Agreement (defined below), which could result in the loss or restriction of our sources of liquidity, could cause a default or an event of default under such debt instruments and a related acceleration of our indebtedness and, in some instances, the foreclosure on some or all of our assets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. \n The instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness contain a number of restrictive covenants, some of which become more restrictive in the future. For example, our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), dated as of December 23, 2013, among the Company, Cumulus Media Holdings Inc., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ("Cumulus Holdings"), as borrower, and certain lenders and agents, requires us to comply with a maximum first lien leverage ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter if any amounts are outstanding under the revolving credit facility \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n thereunder ( the “Revolving Credit Facility”) or any letters of credit are outstanding that have not been collateralized by cash. Our ability to comply with the covenants in (i) the Credit Agreement, and (ii) the indenture governing our 7.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (the “Indenture”),  will depend upon our future financial and operating performance and various other factors, such as business, competitive, technological, legislative and regulatory factors, some of which are beyond our control. As of December 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all of our covenants under the Credit Agreement and the Indenture.   However, we may not be able to maintain compliance with certain covenants in the future. \n The first lien leverage ratio referenced above impacts our future availability under the Revolving Credit Facility.  The first lien leverage ratio covenant periodically decreases over time until it reaches 4.0 to 1 on March 31, 2018.  At March 31, 2015, the required ratio covenant will be 5.50 to 1.  While we currently have no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility (and therefore the first lien leverage covenant does not apply), if the 5.50 to 1 ratio were to apply, we do not anticipate that we would have access to borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility.  Our inability to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility would continue until we again satisfy the applicable ratio requirement. \n I n the event that we do not comply with applicable covenants in our debt instruments, we may need to seek an amendment or waiver to the applicable agreement, or a refinancing of such obligations. There can be no assurance that we would be able obtain any amendment or waiver of any such facilities or the costs associated therewith, and, if so, it is likely that such relief would only last for a specified period, potentially necessitating additional amendments, waivers or refinancings in the future. \n In the event that we do not maintain compliance with the covenants under the Credit Agreement, in addition to limiting our access to borrowings thereunder, an event of default could result, subject to applicable notice and cure provisions, which would likely result in a material adverse impact on our financial position. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. In addition, lenders under any of our indebtedness to which a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision applies may then be entitled to take certain similar actions. In the event any of our lenders or note holders accelerate the required repayment of our borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness. \n The lenders under the Credit Agreement have taken security interests in substantially all of our consolidated assets, and we have pledged the stock of certain of our subsidiaries to secure the debt under the Credit Agreement. If the lenders accelerate the required repayment of borrowings, we may be forced to liquidate certain assets to repay all or part of such borrowings, and we cannot assure you that sufficient assets will remain after we have paid all of the borrowings under such Credit Agreement. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Our ability to liquidate assets could also be affected by the regulatory restrictions associated with radio stations, including FCC licensing, which may make the market for these assets less liquid and increase the chances that these assets would be liquidated at a significant loss. Any requirement for us to liquidate assets would likely have a material adverse effect on our business. \n We require substantial cash flows to service our debt and other obligations. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows could have a material adverse effect on our business. \n In order to service our significant indebtedness, we require, and will continue to require, significant cash flows. Our revenue is subject to such factors as shifts in population, station listenership, demographics, competition and audience tastes, and fluctuations in preferred advertising media. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make required principal and interest payments on, or refinance, our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing micro-economic and macro-economic and competitive conditions, some of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain or derive a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to seek to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our inability to generate sufficient cash from operations to service our debt and other obligations would lead to a material adverse effect on our business. \n Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may still be able to incur additional debt. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above. \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n We may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future. Although the Indenture and the Credit Agreement contain, and credit facilities we enter into in the future may contain, restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and any additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be material. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. \n Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. \n Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income would decrease. As a result, a significant increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. \n The terms of the Indenture and the Credit Agreement restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. \n The Indenture and the Credit Agreement contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including restrictions on our ability to: \n • incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; \n • pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock; \n • prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; \n • issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities; \n • make loans and investments; \n • sell assets; \n • incur liens; \n • enter into transactions with affiliates; \n • alter the businesses we conduct; \n • enter into agreements restricting our restricted subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends; and \n • consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. \n In addition, as described above, the restrictive covenants in the Credit Agreement require us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. \n As a result of these restrictions, we may be: \n • limited in how we conduct our business; \n • unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or \n • unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. \n These restrictions may adversely affect our ability to operate our current and planned business, or make certain changes in our business and to respond to changing circumstances, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. \n Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock \n The public market for our Class A Common Stock may be volatile. \n We cannot assure you that the market price of our Class A common stock will not decline and the market price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to such factors as: \n • conditions and trends in the radio broadcasting industry; \n • actual or anticipated variations in our operating results, including audience share ratings and financial results; \n • changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; \n • technological innovations; \n • competitive developments; \n • adoption of new accounting standards affecting companies in general or affecting companies in the radio broadcasting industry in particular; and \n • general market conditions and other factors. \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n Further, the stock markets, and in particular the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the market on which our Class A common stock is listed, from time to time have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that were not necessarily related or proportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. In addition, general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate movements or international currency fluctuations, may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. \n Certain stockholders or groups of stockholders have, and will have, the right to appoint members to our board of directors and, consequently, the ability to exert significant influence over us. \n As of December 31, 2014 , and after giving effect to the exercise of all of their respective options exercisable within 60 days of that date, Lewis W. Dickey, Jr., our Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and a director, and his brother, John W. Dickey, our Executive Vice President, together with members of their family (collectively, the “Dickeys”), collectively beneficially owned shares representing approximately 6.6% of the outstanding voting power of our Class A and Class C common stock. \n Also as of December 31, 2014 , Crestview Radio Investors, LLC ("Crestview") was our largest shareholder and, based on its most recent filing on Schedule 13D/A, beneficially owned shares representing approximately 28.0% of our outstanding Class A common stock on a fully converted basis. \n In addition, in connection with the financing transactions undertaken in connection with the completion of our acquisition of Citadel Broadcasting Company on September 16, 2011, the Company entered into a Stockholders’ Agreement (the “Stockholders Agreement”) with BA Capital Company, L.P. and Bank of America Capital Investors SBIC, L.P. (together, the “BofA Stockholders”), Blackstone, the Dickeys, Crestview, Macquarie and UBS. Under the Stockholders Agreement, the size of our board was increased to seven members, and the two vacancies on our board created thereby were filled by individuals designated by Crestview. In accordance with the Stockholders Agreement, Crestview maintains the right to designate two individuals for nomination to our board, and the Dickeys maintain the right to designate one individual for nomination to our board. The Stockholders Agreement provides that the other three positions on our board will be filled by directors who meet applicable independence criteria. The Stockholders Agreement also provides that, for so long as Crestview is our largest stockholder, it will have the right to have one of its designees, who shall meet the definition of an independent director and who is elected to our board, and is selected by it, appointed as the “lead director” of our board. Further, the parties to the Stockholders Agreement (other than the Company) have agreed to support such directors (or others as may be designated by the relevant stockholders) as nominees to be presented to the Company’s stockholders for approval at subsequent stockholder meetings for the term set out in the Stockholders Agreement. Each stockholder party’s respective director nomination rights will generally survive for so long as it continues to own a specified percentage of our stock, subject to certain exceptions. \n As a result of these significant stockholdings, and their right to designate members of our board, these stockholders are expected to be able to continue to exert significant influence over our policies and management, potentially in a manner which may not be in our best interests or the best interests of the other shareholders. \n Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements \n This annual report on Form 10-K contains and incorporates by reference “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). For purposes of federal and state securities laws, forward-looking statements are all statements other than those of historical fact and are typically identified by the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “continues,” “intends,” “likely,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and similar expressions, whether in the negative or the affirmative. These statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Cumulus and its directors and officers with respect to, among other things, future events, financial results and financial trends expected to impact Cumulus. \n Such forward-looking statements are and will be, as the case may be, subject to change and subject to many risks, uncertainties and other factors relating to our operations and business environment, which may cause our actual results to be materially different from any future results, expressed or implied, by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: \n • the possibility that we may be unable to achieve certain expected revenue results, including as a result of factors or events that are unexpected or otherwise outside of our control; \n • our ability to execute our business plan and strategy; \n • our ability to execute and implement our acquisition and divestiture strategies; \n Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements \n • the possibility that we may be unable to achieve any expected cost-saving or operational synergies in connection with any acquisitions or business improvements, or achieve them within the expected time periods; \n • general economic or business conditions affecting the radio broadcasting industry being less favorable than expected, including the impact of decreased spending by advertisers; \n • our ability to attract, motivate and/or retain key executives and associates; \n • increased competition in the radio broadcasting industry; \n • the impact of current or pending legislation and regulations, antitrust considerations, and pending or future litigation or claims; \n • changes in regulatory or legislative policies or actions or in regulatory bodies; \n • changes in uncertain tax positions and tax rates; \n • changes in the financial markets; \n • changes in capital expenditure requirements; \n • changes in market conditions that could impair our goodwill or intangible assets; \n • changes in interest rates; and \n • other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we do not currently deem to be material. \n Many of these factors are beyond our control or are difficult to predict, and their ultimate impact could be material. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as may be required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.