Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information \n This annual report on Form 10-K contains “forward‑looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of words such as “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “plans” and “believes,” among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to: IAC’s future financial performance, IAC’s business prospects and strategy, including the separation of the Vimeo business from IAC, anticipated trends and prospects in the industries in which IAC’s businesses operate and other similar matters. These forward-looking statements are based on IAC management's expectations and assumptions about future events as of the date of this annual report, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. \n Actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward‑looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, among others, the risk factors set forth below. Other unknown or unpredictable factors that could also adversely affect IAC’s business, financial condition and results of operations may arise from time to time. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward‑looking statements discussed in this annual report may not prove to be accurate. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which only reflect the views of IAC management as of the date of this annual report. IAC does not undertake to update these forward‑looking statements. \n Risk Factors \n Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Ownership \n Marketing efforts designed to drive visitors to our various brands and businesses may not be successful or cost-effective. \n Traffic building and conversion initiatives involve considerable expenditures for online and offline advertising and marketing. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures for search engine marketing (primarily in the form of the purchase of keywords, which we purchase primarily through Google and, to a lesser extent, Microsoft and Yahoo!), online display advertising and traditional offline advertising (including television and radio campaigns) in connection with these initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. Also, to continue to reach consumers and users, we will need to identify and devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to newer digital advertising channels (such as online video and other digital platforms), as well as target consumers and users via these channels. Since these channels are undeveloped and unproven relative to traditional channels (such as television), it could be difficult to assess returns on related marketing investments. Historically, we have had to increase advertising and marketing expenditures over time in order to attract and convert consumers, retain users and sustain our growth. \n Our ability to market our brands and businesses on any given property or channel is subject to the policies of the relevant third party seller, publisher (including search engines and social media platforms with extraordinarily high levels of traffic and numbers of users) or marketing affiliate. As a result, we cannot assure you that these parties will not limit or prohibit us from purchasing certain types of advertising (including the purchase of advertising with preferential placement or for certain of our products and services) and/or using one or more current or prospective marketing channels in the future. If a significant marketing channel took such an action generally, for a significant period of time and/or on a recurring basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if we fail to comply with the policies of third party sellers, publishers and/or marketing affiliates, our advertisements could be removed without notice and/or our accounts could be suspended or terminated, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n We rely heavily on free search engine marketing to drive traffic to our properties. The display, including rankings, of search results can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and may change frequently. Search engines have made changes in the past to their ranking algorithms, methodologies and design layouts that have reduced the prominence of links to websites offering our products and services, and negatively impacted traffic to such websites, and we expect that search engines will continue to make such changes from time to time in the future. However, we may not know how (or otherwise be in a position) to influence actions of this nature taken by search engines. With respect to search results in particular, even when search engines announce the details of their methodologies, their parameters may change from time to time, be poorly defined or be inconsistently interpreted. \n Our failure to respond successfully to rapid and frequent changes in the operating and pricing dynamics of search engines, as well as changing policies and guidelines applicable to keyword advertising (which may be unilaterally updated by search engines without advance notice), could adversely affect our paid and free search engine marketing efforts. Specifically, such changes could adversely affect paid listings (both their placement and pricing), as well as the ranking of links to websites offering our products and services within search results, any or all of which could increase our marketing costs (particularly if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic) and adversely affect the effectiveness of our marketing efforts overall. \n Lastly, certain of our businesses also enter into various arrangements with third parties (including advertising agencies) to drive traffic to their various brands and businesses and generate leads, which arrangements are generally more cost-effective than traditional marketing efforts. If these businesses are unable to renew existing (and/or enter into new) arrangements of this nature, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of revenue would increase over the long-term, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the quality and convertibility of traffic and leads generated through third party arrangements are dependent on many factors, most of which are outside of our control. If the quality and/or convertibility of traffic and leads do not meet the expectations of the users of our various products and services, paid listings providers and/or advertisers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n We rely on search engines to drive traffic to our various properties. Certain search engine operators offer products and services that compete directly with our products and services. If links to websites offering our products and services are not displayed prominently in search results, traffic to our properties could decline and our business could be adversely affected. \n As discussed above, the amount of traffic we attract through search engines is due in large part to how and where information from (and links to websites offering our products and services) are displayed on search engine results pages. Certain search engine operators offer products and services that compete directly with our products and service and may change their displays or rankings in order to promote their products or services, or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. Any such action could negatively impact the search rankings of links to websites offering our products and services, or the prominence with which such links appear in search results. Our success depends on the ability of links to websites offering our products and services maintaining a prominent position in search results, and in the event operators of search engines promote their own competing products in the future in a manner that has the effect of reducing the prominence or ranking of links to websites offering our products and services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n Certain of our businesses depend upon arrangements with Google. \n A meaningful portion of our consolidated revenue (and a substantial portion of our net cash from operations that we can freely access) is attributable to a services agreement with Google. Pursuant to this agreement, we display and syndicate paid listings provided by Google in response to search queries generated through the businesses within our Search segment. In exchange for making our search traffic available to Google, we receive a share of the revenue generated by the paid listings supplied to us, as well as certain other search related services. Our agreement with Google expires on March 31, 2023; provided , however , that only in September of each year, we or Google may, after discussion with the other party, terminate the services agreement, effective on September 30 of the year following the year such notice is given. \n The amount of revenue we receive from Google depends on a number of factors outside of our control, including the amount Google charges for advertisements, the efficiency of Google’s system in attracting advertisers and serving up paid listings in response to search queries and parameters established by Google regarding the number and placement of paid listings displayed in response to search queries. In addition, Google makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to advertisers) of clicks on paid listings from searches performed on our properties and these judgments factor into the amount of revenue we receive. Google also makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to users) of paid listings from searches performed on our properties and these judgments factor into the number of advertisements that we can purchase. Changes to the amount Google charges advertisers, the efficiency of Google’s paid listings network, Google’s judgment about the relative attractiveness to advertisers of clicks on paid listings from our properties or to the parameters applicable to the display of paid listings generally could result in a decrease in the amount of revenue we receive from Google and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such changes could come about for a number of reasons, including general market conditions, competition or policy and operating decisions made by Google. \n Our services agreement with Google also requires that we comply with certain guidelines for the use of Google brands and services, including the Chrome browser and Chrome Web Store. These guidelines govern which of our products and applications may access Google services or be distributed through its Chrome Web Store, and the manner in which Google’s paid listings are displayed within search results across various third party platforms and products (including our properties). Our services agreement also requires that we establish guidelines to govern certain activities of third parties to whom we syndicate paid listings, including the manner in which these parties drive search traffic to their websites and display paid listings. Google may generally unilaterally update its policies and guidelines without advance notice, whether under the services agreement or otherwise, which could in turn require modifications to, or prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of our products, services and/or business practices, which could be costly to address or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Noncompliance with Google’s guidelines by us or the third parties to whom we are permitted to syndicate paid listings or through which we secure distribution arrangements for the businesses within our Search segment could result in the suspension of some or all Google services to us (and/or the websites of our third party partners) and/or the termination of our services agreement by Google. Google has, in the past, made policy changes generally and under the services agreement, which had a negative impact on the historical and expected future results of operations of our Desktop business, and may do so in the future. In addition, in the last quarter of 2020, Google suspended services with respect to some of our Desktop products and may take continued or further action with respect to our products and businesses in the future. \n The termination of our services agreement by Google, the curtailment of our rights under the services agreement (including the failure to allow our products to access Google services, whether pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise), the failure of Google to perform its obligations under the agreement and/or policy changes implemented by Google under the services agreement or otherwise would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of these events were to occur, we may not be able to find another suitable alternate provider of paid listings (or if an alternate provider were found, the economic and other terms of the agreement and the quality of paid listings may be inferior relative to our arrangements with (and the paid listings supplied by) Google) or otherwise replace the lost revenues. \n Our success depends, in substantial part, on our continued ability to market, distribute and monetize our products and services through search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms. \n The marketing, distribution and monetization of our products and services depends on our ability to cultivate and maintain cost-effective and otherwise satisfactory relationships with search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms, in particular, those operated by Apple, Google and Facebook. These platforms could decide not to market and distribute some or all of our products and services, change their terms and conditions of use at any time (and without notice), favor their own products and services over our products and services and/or significantly increase their fees. While we expect to maintain cost-effective and otherwise satisfactory relationships with these platforms, no assurances can be provided that we will be able to do so and our inability to do so in the case of one or more of these platforms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n In particular, as consumers increasingly access our products and services through applications (both mobile and desktop), we increasingly depend upon the Apple App Store, Google Play Store and Google’s Chrome Web Store to distribute our mobile and desktop browser applications. Both Apple and Google have broad discretion to change their respective terms and conditions applicable to the distribution of our applications, including those relating to the amount of (and requirement to pay) certain fees associated with purchases facilitated by Apple and Google through our applications, their ability to interpret their respective terms and conditions in ways that may limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to distribute our applications through their stores, the features that we may provide in our products and services, our ability to access information about our subscribers and users that they collect and the manner in which we market in-app products. Apple or Google could also make changes to their operating systems or payment services that could negatively affect us. No assurances can be provided that Apple and/or Google will not interpret their respective terms and conditions in the manner described above and to the extent either or both of them do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n While some of our mobile applications are generally free to download from the Apple App and Google Play Stores, many of them are subscription-based. While we determine the prices at which these subscriptions are sold, currently, all related purchases must be processed through the in-app payment systems provided by these stores, for which we pay these stores a meaningful share (generally 30%) of the related revenue they receive. Given the increasing distribution of our mobile applications through digital app stores and strict in-app payment system requirements, we may need to offset increased digital app store fees by decreasing traditional marketing expenditures as a percentage of revenue, increasing user volume or monetization per user or engaging in other efforts to increase revenue or decrease costs generally, or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n Our success depends, in part, upon the continued migration of certain markets and industries online and the continued growth and acceptance of online products and services as effective alternatives to traditional offline products and services. \n Through our various businesses, we provide a variety of online products and services that continue to compete with their traditional offline counterparts. We believe that the continued growth and acceptance of online products and services generally will depend, to a large extent, on the continued growth in commercial use of the Internet (particularly abroad) and the continued migration of traditional offline markets and industries online. \n For example, the success of the businesses within our ANGI Homeservices segment and our Care.com business depends, in substantial part, on the continued migration of the home services and care-related services markets online. If for any reason these markets do not migrate online as quickly as (or at lower levels than) we expect and consumers and service professionals (and subscribers and caregivers) continue, in large part, to rely on traditional offline efforts to connect with one another, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n Lastly, the success of our advertising-supported businesses also depends, in part, on their ability to compete for a share of available advertising expenditures as more traditional offline and emerging media companies continue to enter the online advertising market, as well as on the continued growth and acceptance of online advertising generally. Any lack of growth in the market for online advertising could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our success depends, in part, on our continued ability to develop and monetize versions of our products and services for mobile and other digital devices. \n As consumers increasingly access our products and services through mobile and other digital devices (including through digital voice assistants), we will need to continue to devote significant time and resources to ensure that our products and services are accessible across these platforms (and multiple platforms generally). If we do not keep pace with evolving online, market and industry trends (including the introduction of new and enhanced digital devices and changes in the preferences and needs of consumers generally), offer new and/or enhanced products and services in response to such trends that resonate with consumers, monetize products and services for mobile and other digital devices as effectively as our traditional products and services and/or maintain related systems, technology and infrastructure in an efficient and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n In addition, the success of our mobile and other digital products and services depends on their interoperability with various third party operating systems, technology, infrastructure and standards, over which we have no control. Any changes to any of these things that compromise the quality or functionality of our mobile and digital products and services could adversely affect their usage levels and/or our ability to attract consumers and advertisers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our success depends, in part, on the ability of ANGI Homeservices and Care.com to establish and maintain relationships with quality and trustworthy service professionals and caregivers. \n We must continue to attract, retain and grow the number of skilled and reliable service professionals who can provide services across ANGI Homeservices platforms and caregivers who can provide care-related services through the Care.com platform. If we do not offer innovative products and services that resonate with consumers and service professionals (and subscribers and caregivers) generally, as well provide service professionals and caregivers with an attractive return on their marketing and advertising investments, the number of service professionals and caregivers affiliated with ANGI Homeservices and Care.com platforms, respectively, would decrease. Any such decrease would result in smaller and less diverse networks and directories of service professionals and caregivers, and in turn, decreases in service requests, pre-priced bookings and directory searches, as well as subscriber requests for caregivers, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n In addition to skill and reliability, consumers and families want to work with service professionals and caregivers whom they can trust to work in their homes and with their family members and with whom they can feel safe. While there are screening processes and certain other safety-related measures in place at these businesses (which generally include certain, limited background checks) to try and prevent unsuitable service professionals and caregivers from joining and remaining on our platforms, these processes have limitations and, even with these safety measures, no assurances can be provided regarding \n the future behavior of any service provider or caregiver on our platforms. Inappropriate and/or unlawful behavior on the part of service professionals and caregivers generally (particularly any such behavior that compromises their trustworthiness and/or of the safety of consumers and families) could result in decreases in service requests and subscriber requests for caregivers and related care services, bad publicity and related damage to our reputation, brands and brand-building efforts and/or actions by governmental and regulatory authorities, criminal proceedings and/or litigation. The occurrence or any of these events could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our success depends, in part, on the ability of ANGI Homeservices to expand pre-priced booking services. \n Through certain businesses within our ANGI Homeservices segment, we provide pre-priced booking services, pursuant to which we contract with service professionals to perform specific tasks for specific consumers at an agreed upon price. In contrast to Marketplace service requests, pursuant to which we match service professionals to consumer opportunities, through our pre-priced booking services we contract directly with a service professional to perform a contracted task at a contracted price. Increases in pre-priced bookings (which we expect to be the case over time) could reduce the level of service provider responses to service requests through the Marketplace and our directories. \n In addition, while pre-priced booking services offer potentially higher profit opportunities, they also involve greater financial risk because we bear the impact of cost overruns, which could result in increased costs and expenses. For example, we could miscalculate the costs, materials and/or or time needed to complete consumer requests or consumers could provide us with inaccurate information, which could result in us charging consumers too little for contracted tasks, which in turn would result in us having to absorb the actual, higher cost for contracted tasks or risk not being able to find service professionals to perform contracted tasks at contracted rates. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if our actual costs exceed the assumptions used in offering contracted tasks through our pre-priced booking services. \n Our ability to engage directly with our users, subscribers, consumers, service professionals and caregivers directly on a timely basis is critical to our success. \n As consumers increasingly communicate via mobile and other digital devices and messaging and social media apps, usage of email (particularly among younger consumers) has declined and we expect this trend to continue. In addition, deliverability and other restrictions could limit or prevent our ability to send emails to users, subscribers, consumers, service professionals and caregivers. A continued and significant erosion in our ability to engage with users, subscribers, consumers, service professionals and caregivers  via email could adversely impact the user experience, engagement levels and conversion rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that any alternative means of communication (for example, push notifications and text messaging) will be as effective as email has been historically. \n Our success depends, in part, on our ability to access, collect and use personal data about our users and subscribers. \n We depend on search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms (in particular, those operated by Google, Apple and Facebook) to market, distribute and monetize our products and services. Our users and subscribers engage with these platforms directly, and in the case of digital app stores, may be subject to requirements regarding the use of their payment systems for various transactions. As a result, these platforms may receive personal data about our users and subscribers that we would otherwise receive if we transacted with our users and subscribers directly. Certain of these platforms have restricted our access to personal data about our users and subscribers obtained through their platforms. If these platforms limit or increasingly limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to access, collect and use personal data about our users and subscribers that they have collected, our ability to identify and communicate with a meaningful portion of our user and subscriber bases may be adversely impacted. If so, our customer relationship management efforts, our ability to identify, target and reach new segments of our user and subscriber bases and the population generally, the efficiency of our paid marketing efforts, the rates we are able to charge advertisers seeking to reach users and subscribers on our various properties and our ability to develop and implement safety features, policies and procedures for certain of our products and services could be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that the search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms upon which we rely will not limit or increasingly limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to access, collect and use personal data about our users and subscribers that they have collected. To the extent that any or all of them do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n Mr. Diller, certain members of his family and Mr. Levin are able to exercise significant influence over the composition of IAC’s Board of Directors, matters subject to stockholder approval and/or IAC’s operations. \n As of the date of this report, Mr. Diller, his spouse, Diane von Furstenberg, and his stepson, Alexander von Furstenberg, collectively held shares of Class B common stock and common stock that represented approximately 41.4% of the total outstanding voting power of IAC (based on the number of shares of common stock and Class B common stock outstanding and entitled to vote as of January 29, 2021) and they will collectively hold shares of  Class B common stock and common stock \n representing the same percentage of the total outstanding voting power of IAC following the completion of the Spin-off as they hold immediately before the Spin-off. \n As a result of IAC securities held by Mr. Diller and the members of his family described above, such individuals will be, collectively, in a position to influence (subject to IAC’s organizational documents and Delaware law), the composition of IAC’s Board of Directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as mergers, business combinations and dispositions of assets, among other corporate transactions. These shares are also subject to a voting agreement with Mr. Levin, IAC’s Chief Executive Officer, and will continue to be following the completion of the Spin-off. As a result of the Voting Agreement, Mr. Levin is currently in a position, subject to IAC’s organizational documents and Delaware law, to influence his election to IAC's board of directors and influence the outcome of Contingent Matters (as defined in the Voting Agreement). This concentration of investment and voting power could discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to IAC and its shareholders, which could adversely affect the market price of IAC securities. \n In addition, the holders of the Class B common stock could sell all or a portion of those shares to a third party, which could result in the purchaser obtaining significant influence over IAC, the composition of IAC’s Board of Directors, matters subject to stockholder approval and IAC’s operations, without consideration being paid to holders of shares of  common stock, and without holders of shares of common stock having a right to consent to the identity of such purchaser. Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, if any of the holders of the Class B common stock were to determine to sell shares of Class B common stock to a person other than Mr. Diller, his family members or certain entities controlled by such persons, they have agreed that they will discuss with Mr. Levin selling such shares to him before selling to any other party. See “Part I—Item 1—Equity Ownership and Vote.” \n We may not freely access the cash of ANGI Homeservices and its subsidiaries. \n Potential sources of cash for us include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of certain of our subsidiaries and proceeds from asset sales, including marketable securities. While the ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or advances to us depends on their individual operating results and applicable statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions generally, in the case of ANGI Homeservices, the terms of its indebtedness limit its ability to pay dividends or make distributions, loans or advances to stockholders (including IAC) in certain circumstances. In addition, because ANGI Homeservices is a separate and distinct legal entity with public shareholders, it has no obligation to provide us with funds. \n You may experience dilution with respect to your investment in IAC, and we may experience dilution with respect to our investment in ANGI Homeservices, as a result of compensatory equity awards. \n We have issued various compensatory equity awards, including stock options, shares of restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock unit awards denominated in shares of IAC common stock, as well as in the equity of certain of our consolidated subsidiaries, including ANGI Homeservices. The issuance of shares of IAC common stock in settlement of these equity awards could dilute your ownership interest in IAC. And ANGI Homeservices compensatory equity awards that are settled in shares of ANGI Homeservices could dilute our ownership interest in ANGI Homeservices. The dilution of our ownership stake in ANGI Homeservices could impact our ability, among other things, to maintain ANGI Homeservices as part of our consolidated tax group for U.S. federal income tax purposes, to effect a tax-free distribution of our ANGI Homeservices stake to IAC stockholders or to maintain control of ANGI Homeservices. As we generally have the right to maintain our level of ownership in ANGI Homeservices to the extent ANGI Homeservices issues additional shares of its capital stock in the future pursuant to an investor rights agreement, we do not intend to allow any of the foregoing to occur. \n With respect to awards denominated in shares of our non-publicly traded subsidiaries, we estimate the dilutive impact of those awards based on our estimated fair value of those subsidiaries. Those estimates may change from time to time, and the fair value we determine in connection with vesting and liquidity events could lead to more or less dilution than reflected in our diluted earnings per share calculation. \n The total addressable market of our Vimeo business may prove to be smaller than it expects. \n While we believe, based upon internal data, that every small and midsized business and every larger enterprise will need an online video presence to succeed, the number of entities that are willing and able to pay fees for software-based video services may not be as large as our Vimeo business expects and we have not conducted research by a third party to validate its data and thesis. \n Our Vimeo business may not have the right product/market fit. \n Our Vimeo business depends upon attracting new subscribers and retaining existing ones. To do so, it must provide products with an attractive value proposition. Our Vimeo business may fail to do that if it: \n • fails to innovate and provide new and useful features that its users and subscribers want; \n • releases products that fail to reliably operate (due to bugs or service interruptions); \n • releases products too late relative to competitors; \n • prices its products in an uncompetitive manner; or \n • fails to educate its users and subscribers about its features. \n Our Vimeo business may not be able to convert its free users into subscribers . \n An essential part of the strategy of our Vimeo business for attracting subscribers depends upon offering basic services for free and converting a certain portion of free users into subscribers over time. While a majority of subscribers began as free users, only a small percentage of free users become paying users over time. The ability of our Vimeo business to convert users into subscribers at this or a higher rate may not materialize if: \n • the number of free users declines, which could occur due to (among other things) reduced visibility of the Vimeo brand or services; \n • our Vimeo business overestimates the number of free users who have the propensity to pay due to issues with duplicative, fraudulent or spam accounts; \n • free users do not repeatedly use the free product, either because they are unaware of the features our Vimeo business offers or because the features are not perceived as useful; \n • our Vimeo business fails to optimize the conversion of free users by communicating the value of its subscription plans; \n • our Vimeo business experiences headwinds in its international expansion due to variety of reasons, including language and cultural barriers, as well as unfavorable regulatory environments; or \n • service offerings and pricing are not competitive. \n If efforts to convert free users into subscribers do not succeed, our Vimeo business will have to rely more heavily on paid marketing efforts to acquire new subscribers and therefore achieve growth. Such a shift would cause our Vimeo business to incur higher costs in acquiring users, which would reduce its profits. \n Our Vimeo business may not be able to scale its business effectively. \n Our Vimeo business may not be able to capitalize on the market’s demand for video if it cannot scale its operations. For example, Vimeo might experience delays in onboarding new user and subscribers and responding to increased customer support tickets, and it may not be able to handle increased loads on its servers during peak times. All of these things would result in missed opportunities or user and subscriber frustration that could negatively affect user and Vimeo’s subscriber growth and retention, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our Vimeo business may experience service interruptions. \n Our Vimeo business typically does not provide 100% uptime across its video services in any given month. This may be due to technical errors (bugs), human error (by employees and contractors), interruptions experienced by key vendors (such as cloud-based service or payment providers), higher than anticipated traffic and/or cyberattacks. Interruptions in key aspects of Vimeo’s video services (notably, video delivery and payment processing) could result in lost business, credits payable to subscribers with service level agreements, increased user and subscriber support tickets, remediation costs and increased subscriber churn (lost renewals). In severe cases, our Vimeo business could face litigation or reputational risk, particularly if an interruption occurs during a high-profile event. Any such interruptions and/or related effects could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n The hosting and delivery costs borne by our Vimeo business may increase unexpectedly. \n Hosting and delivery costs comprise the largest component of cost of goods sold for our Vimeo business and as a result, these costs materially influence its gross margin. These costs could increase unexpectedly if Vimeo experiences rapid growth over a short period of time (either in terms of users and subscribers or bandwidth consumed), fails to address subscribers who use more bandwidth than its plans permit (either by failing to charge them overage fees or by failing to limit their bandwidth) or  fails to distribute increased bandwidth across its content delivery network (CDN) vendors in a cost-optimal manner by, for example, moving traffic to the lowest-cost provider. Vimeo may not be able to pass these costs to its subscribers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n General Risk Factors \n Our businesses operate in especially competitive and evolving industries. \n The industries in which our brands and businesses operate are competitive, with a consistent and growing stream of new products and entrants. Some of our competitors may enjoy better competitive positions in certain geographical areas, user demographics and/or other key areas that we currently serve or may serve in the future. Generally (and particularly in the case of the businesses within our ANGI Homeservices segment), we compete with search engine providers and online marketplaces that can market their products and services online in a more prominent and cost-effective manner than we can. We also generally compete with social media platforms with access to large existing pools of potential users and their personal information, which means these platforms can drive visitors to their products and services, as well as better tailor products and service to individual users, at little to no cost relative to our efforts. Any of these advantages could enable our competitors to offer products and services that are more appealing to consumers than our products and services, respond more quickly and/or cost effectively than we do to evolving market opportunities and trends and/or display their own integrated or related products and services in a more prominent manner than our products and services in search results, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n In addition, costs to switch among products and services are low or non-existent and consumers generally have a propensity to try new products and services (and use multiple products and services simultaneously). As a result, we expect the continued emergence of new products and services, entrants and business models in the various industries in which its brands and businesses operate. Our inability to continue to innovate and compete effectively against new products, services and competitors could result in decreases in the size and levels of engagement of our various user and subscriber bases, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our businesses are sensitive to general economic events or trends, particularly those that adversely impact advertising spending levels and consumer confidence and spending behavior. \n A significant portion of our consolidated revenue (and a substantial portion of our net cash from operations that we can freely access), is attributable to online advertising, primarily revenue from the businesses within our Dotdash and Search segments. Accordingly, events and trends that result in decreased advertising expenditures and/or levels of consumer confidence and discretionary spending could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Similarly, the businesses within our ANGI Homeservices segment are particularly sensitive to events and trends that could result in consumers delaying or foregoing home services projects (including difficulties obtaining financing for such projects) and service professionals being less likely to pay for consumer matches, pre-priced bookings, Marketplace subscriptions and/or time-based advertising, which could result in decreases in Marketplace service requests, pre-priced bookings and directory searches. Any such decreases could result in turnover at the Marketplace and/or any ANGI Homeservices directories, adversely impact the number and quality of service professionals at the Marketplace and in any ANGI Homeservices directories and/or adversely impact the reach of (and breath of services offered through) the Marketplace and ANGI Homeservices directories, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, negative changes in capital markets could adversely impact the ability of the  third party with which ANGI Homeservices has contracted to offer a consumer financing option through the HomeAdvisor Pro-Pay App to fulfill its obligations, which could adversely impact the launch and ongoing rollout of this option, and in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our success depends, in part, on our ability to build, maintain and/or enhance our various brands. \n Through our various businesses, we own and operate a number of widely known consumer brands with strong brand appeal and recognition within their respective markets and industries, as well as a number of emerging brands that we are in the process of building. We believe that our success depends, in large part, on our continued ability to maintain and enhance our established brands, as well as build awareness of (and loyalty to) our emerging brands. Events that could adversely impact our brands and brand-building efforts include (among others): product and service quality concerns, consumer complaints or lawsuits, lack of awareness of the policies of our various businesses and/or how they are applied in practice, our failure to respond to user, service professional and caregiver feedback, ineffective advertising, inappropriate and/or unlawful actions taken by users, service professionals and caregivers, actions taken by governmental or regulatory authorities, data protection and security breaches and related bad publicity. The occurrence or any of these events could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n The global outbreak of COVID-19 and other similar outbreaks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic or pandemic, including the continuing outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19), which has been declared a “pandemic” by the World Health Organization. The continuing outbreak of COVID-19 has caused a widespread global health crisis, and governments in affected regions have implemented measures designed to curb its spread, such as social distancing, government-imposed quarantines \n and lockdowns, travel bans and other public health safety measures. These measures have resulted in significant social disruption and have had (and are likely to continue to have) an adverse effect on economic conditions generally, advertising expenditures and consumer confidence and spending, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Since the initial outbreak, the impact of COVID-19 on our businesses has varied from business to business and from month to month. To date, demand for certain of our products and services and advertising rates have generally decreased and, despite increased service requests at our ANGI Homeservices business, the limited ability of service professionals to fulfill these requests as a result of labor and material constraints has negatively impacted the ability of ANGI Homeservices to monetize these requests. ANGI Homeservices continued to experience strong demand for home services in the second half of 2020. Also, to date our Vimeo business has seen strong revenue growth as the demand for communication via video has increased due to the pandemic. Lastly, certain of our advertising-supported businesses experienced a decline in revenue due, in part, to decreased advertising due to COVID-19, and we recorded impairments during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 related to our desktop business and certain securities (see “Item 7— Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —Overview—Consolidated and Combined Results”). \n In addition, the United States and Europe, which are the first and second largest markets for our products and services, respectively, experienced significant resurgences of COVID-19, with record levels of infection being reported during the fourth quarter of 2020 and continuing into the first quarter of 2021. These resurgences and government-imposed measures to control the spread of COVID-19 continue to adversely impact our ability to conduct ordinary course business activities for the foreseeable future and could adversely impact employee productivity and increase operating costs. Moreover, we may also experience business disruption if the ordinary course operations of our contractors, vendors and/or business partners are adversely affected. Any of these measures could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n The extent to which developments related to COVID-19 and measures designed to curb its spread continue to impact our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, all of which are highly uncertain and many of which are beyond our control, including the speed of contagion, the development and implementation of effective preventative measures and possible treatments, the scope of governmental and other restrictions on travel, discretionary services and other activity, and public reactions to these developments. For example, these developments and measures have resulted in rapid and adverse changes to the operating environment in which we do business, as well as significant uncertainty concerning the near and long term economic ramifications of the COVID-19 outbreak, which have adversely impacted our ability to forecast our results and respond in a timely and effective manner to trends related to COVID-19. The longer the global outbreak and measures designed to curb the spread of COVID-19 continue to adversely affect levels of consumer confidence, discretionary spending and the willingness of consumers to interact with other consumers, vendors and service providers face-to-face (and in turn, adversely affect demand for our various products and services), the greater the adverse impact is likely to be on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the more limited our ability will be to try and make up for delayed or lost revenues. \n The COVID-19 outbreak may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this report and we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Furthermore, because COVID-19 did not begin to impact IAC’s results until late in the first quarter of 2020, any current or future impacts may not be directly comparable to any historical periods and are not necessarily indicative of any future impacts that COVID-19 may have on IAC’s results. The impact of COVID-19 on IAC’s revenues and expenses may also fluctuate differently over the duration of the pandemic. \n We may not be able to protect our systems, technology and infrastructure from cyberattacks and cyberattacks experienced by third parties may adversely affect us. \n We are regularly under attack by perpetrators of malicious technology-related events, such as botnets, malware or other destructive or disruptive software, distributed denial of service attacks, phishing, attempts to misappropriate user information and account login credentials and other similar malicious activities. The incidence of events of this nature (or any combination thereof) is on the rise worldwide. While we continuously develop and maintain systems designed to detect and prevent events of this nature from impacting our systems, technology, infrastructure, products, services and users, have invested (and continue to invest) heavily in these efforts and related personnel and training and deploy data minimization strategies (where appropriate), these efforts are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome preventative security measures become more sophisticated. Despite these efforts, some of our systems have experienced past security incidents, none of which had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we could experience significant or material events of this nature in the future. \n Any event of this nature that we experience could damage our systems, technology and infrastructure and/or those of our users, prevent us from providing our products and services, compromise the integrity of our products and services, damage our reputation, erode our brands and/or be costly to remedy, as well as subject us to investigations by regulatory authorities, fines and/or litigation that could result in liability to third parties. Even if we do not experience such events firsthand, the impact of any such events experienced by third parties upon which we rely and with which we contract for various products and services could have a similar effect. No assurances can be provided that we will not experience future events involving third party service providers that could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations in a significant or material manner. We may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses resulting from any of these events. If we (or any third party with which we do business or otherwise rely upon) experience(s) an event of this nature, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n If personal, confidential or sensitive user information is breached or otherwise accessed by unauthorized persons, it may be costly for us to mitigate and our reputation could be harmed. \n We receive, process, store and transmit a significant amount of personal, confidential and/or sensitive user and subscriber information and, in the case of certain of our products and services, enable users and subscribers to share their personal information with each other. While we continuously develop and maintain systems designed to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of this information (and only engage third-parties to store this information who do the same), we cannot guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information. When such events occur, we may not be able to remedy them, we may be required by law to notify regulators and impacted individuals and it may be costly for us to mitigate the impact of such events and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. When breaches of security (our security or that of any third party we engage to store such information) occur, we could face governmental enforcement actions, significant fines, litigation (including consumer class actions) and the reputation of our brands and businesses could be harmed, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if any of the search engines, digital app stores or social media platforms through which we market, distribute and monetize our products and services were to experience a breach, third parties could gain unauthorized access to personal data about our users and subscribers, which could indirectly harm the reputation of our brands and businesses and, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n The processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities and increased costs. \n We receive, transmit and store a large volume of personal information and other user and subscriber data (including private content, such as videos and correspondence) in connection with the processing of search queries, the provision of online products and services generally and the display of advertising on our various properties. The manner in which we share, store, use, disclose and protect this information is determined by the respective privacy and data security policies of our various businesses, as well as federal, state and foreign laws and regulations and evolving industry standards and practices, which are changing, and in some cases, inconsistent and conflicting and subject to differing interpretations. In addition, new laws, regulations, standards and practices of this nature are proposed and adopted from time to time. For a description of laws, regulations and rules concerning the processing, storage and use of disclosure of personal data, see “Item 1—Business—Description of IAC Businesses— Government Regulation.” \n While we believe that we comply with applicable privacy and data protection policies, laws and regulations and industry standards and practices in all material respects, we could still be subject to claims of non-compliance that we may not be able to successfully defend and/or may result in significant fines and penalties. Moreover, any non-compliance or perceived non-compliance by us (and/or any third party we engage) or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to (or use or transmission of) personal information could result in a variety of claims against us, including governmental enforcement actions, significant fines, litigation (including consumer class actions), claims of breach of contract and indemnity by third parties and adverse publicity. When such events occur, our reputation could be harmed and the competitive positions of our various brands and businesses could be diminished, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, to the extent multiple U.S. state-level (or European Union member-state level) laws are introduced with inconsistent or conflicting standards and there is no federal or European Union regulation to preempt such laws, compliance could be even more difficult to achieve and our potential exposure to the risks discussed above could increase. \n Lastly, ongoing compliance with existing (and compliance with future) privacy and data protection laws worldwide could be costly. The devotion of significant costs to compliance (versus to the development of products and services) could result in delays in the development of new products and services, us ceasing to provide problematic products and services in existing jurisdictions and us being prevented from introducing products and services in new and existing jurisdictions, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our success depends, in part, on the integrity, quality, efficiency and scalability of our systems, technology and infrastructure, and those of third parties. \n We rely on our systems, technology and infrastructure to perform well on a consistent basis. From time to time in the past, we have experienced (and in the future we may experience) occasional interruptions that make some or all of this framework and related information unavailable or that prevent us from providing products and services; any such interruption could arise for any number of reasons. We also rely on third party data center service providers and cloud-based, hosted web service providers, as well as third party computer systems and a variety of communications systems and service providers in connection with the provision of our products and services generally, as well as to facilitate and process certain payment and other transactions with users. We have no control over any of these third parties or their operations and the interruption of any of the services provided by these parties could prevent us from accessing user and subscriber information and providing products and services. \n The framework described above could be damaged or interrupted at any time due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and other similar events or disruptions. Any event of this nature could prevent us from providing our products and services at all (or result in the provision of our products on a delayed or interrupted basis) and/or result in the loss of critical data. While we and the third parties upon whom we rely have certain backup systems in place for certain aspects of our and their respective frameworks, none of these frameworks are fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. When such damages, interruptions or outages occur, our reputation could be harmed and the competitive positions of our various brands and businesses could be diminished, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n We also continually work to expand and enhance the efficiency and scalability of our framework to improve the consumer experience, accommodate substantial increases in the number of visitors to our various platforms, ensure acceptable load times for our various products and services and keep up with changes in user and subscriber preferences. If we do not do so in a timely and cost-effective manner, user and subscribers experiences and demand across our brands and businesses could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n We depend on our key personnel. \n Our future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled, diverse and talented individuals worldwide, particularly in the case of senior management. Competition for well-qualified employees across IAC and its various businesses has been (and will continue to be) intense and we must attract new (and retain existing) employees to compete effectively. While we have established programs to attract new (and retain existing) employees, we may not be able to attract new (or retain existing) key and other employees in the future. In addition, if we do not ensure the effective transfer of knowledge to successors and smooth transitions (particularly in the case of senior management) across our various businesses, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n Risks Relating to the Spin-off and IAC Securities Following the Spin-off \n The Spin-off may be abandoned by IAC at any time prior to completion, and is subject to certain closing conditions that, if not satisfied or waived, will result in the Spin-off not being completed. If the Spin-off is not completed, the market price of IAC securities may decline. \n The IAC board of directors may abandon the Spin-off at any time prior to completion. In addition, the completion of the Spin-off is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of a number of conditions, including the receipt of certain approvals from IAC stockholders and the final approval of the IAC board of directors. Some of the conditions to the completion of the Spin-off are outside of the control of IAC and New Vimeo. If any condition to the closing of the Spin-off is not satisfied or waived, or if the IAC board of directors otherwise determines to abandon the Spin-off, the Spin-off will not be completed. \n The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting social and economic disruption may increase the risk that one or more of the closing conditions will not be satisfied and the Spin-off will not occur or that the completion of the Spin-off will be significantly delayed. \n If IAC and New Vimeo do not complete the Spin-off, the market price of IAC securities may fluctuate to the extent that the current market prices of those shares reflect a market assumption that the Spin-off will be completed. IAC will also be obligated to pay certain legal and accounting fees and related expenses in connection with the Spin-off, whether or not the Spin-off is completed. In addition, each of IAC and its Vimeo business has expended, and will continue to expend, significant management resources in an effort to complete the Spin-off. If the Spin-off is not completed, IAC and its Vimeo business will have incurred significant costs, including the diversion of management resources, for which they will have received little or no benefit. \n IAC and New Vimeo may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that they expect to achieve through the Spin-off. \n IAC and New Vimeo may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the Spin-off, or such benefits may be delayed or may never occur at all. The Spin-off is expected to provide the following benefits, among others: \n • enabling each of IAC and New Vimeo to adopt a capital structure and to make investments best suited for their own respective objectives and needs, including allowing New Vimeo to raise equity capital without the constraint of investment considerations at the IAC level; \n • creating a “pure play” New Vimeo equity currency in order to facilitate capital raising, strategic acquisitions and employee compensation; \n • the potential increase in the aggregate equity value of the two companies, including by permitting New Vimeo to develop an investor base that focuses on companies similar to its business; \n • increasing transparency at each of IAC and New Vimeo, including by allowing each business to be covered by equity analysts who specialize in their respective industries; and \n • enhancing IAC’s ability to focus on building the scale of its remaining businesses and improving alignment among those businesses through the separation of its Vimeo business, which, as a “software as a service” company, does not currently align with the operating model of IAC’s other businesses. \n IAC and New Vimeo may not achieve these or other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (i) the possibility that the Spin-off will be abandoned prior to completion, or will otherwise not be completed, (ii) the possibility that IAC’s non-Vimeo businesses will not be successful, and that IAC will not succeed in identifying new profitable acquisitions or other opportunities or in developing its existing businesses, (iii) the fact that IAC and New Vimeo will be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events following the consummation of the Spin-off, (iv) the risk of litigation, injunctions or other legal proceedings relating to the Spin-off, (v) the Spin-off will require significant amounts of management time and effort, which may divert management attention from operating and growing the respective businesses of IAC and New Vimeo and (vi) the other actions required to separate the respective businesses of IAC and New Vimeo prior to closing could disrupt the respective operations of IAC and New Vimeo. If IAC and New Vimeo fail to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the Spin-off, or if such benefits are delayed, the business, financial condition and results of operations of IAC and/or New Vimeo could be materially and adversely affected. \n Following the Spin-off, the financial profile of each of IAC and New Vimeo will change, and each will be a smaller, less diversified company than IAC prior to the Spin-off. \n The Spin-off will result in each of IAC and New Vimeo being smaller, less diversified companies with more limited businesses, which in New Vimeo’s case will be concentrated in its industry, than IAC prior to the Spin-off. As a result, each of IAC and New Vimeo may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on their respective business, financial condition and results of operations and may subject them to increased volatility. \n If the Spin-off were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, IAC, New Vimeo and their respective stockholders could suffer material adverse consequences. \n The completion of the Spin-off is conditioned upon, among other things, the receipt of a tax opinion from IAC’s outside counsel to the effect that the Spin-off will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). \n This tax opinion will be based upon and rely on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of IAC and New Vimeo, including those relating to the past and future conduct of IAC and New Vimeo. If any of these representations, statements or undertakings is (or becomes) inaccurate or incomplete, or if any of the representations or covenants contained in any of the transaction-related agreements and documents or in any document relating to the tax opinion are inaccurate or not complied with by IAC or New Vimeo, the tax opinion may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. \n Notwithstanding our receipt of the tax opinion, no assurances can be provided that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) will agree that the Spin-off qualifies for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain a challenge to this treatment. In the event the IRS were to prevail with such a challenge, IAC and New Vimeo and their respective stockholders could suffer material adverse consequences. \n If the Spin-off did not qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, IAC would recognize a taxable gain as if it had sold the New Vimeo stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value. In such case, IAC stockholders who receive New Vimeo common stock in the Spin-off would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. Even if the Spin-off were otherwise to \n qualify as a tax-free transaction under Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code it may result in taxable gain to IAC (but not its stockholders) under Section 355(e) of the Code if the Spin-off were deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50 percent or greater interest (by vote or value) in IAC or New Vimeo within two years before or after the Spin-off. \n IAC and New Vimeo will be parties to a tax matters agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, each of them will be responsible for certain tax liabilities and obligations following the Spin-off. In addition, pursuant to the  agreement, New Vimeo will generally be required to indemnify IAC for any taxes resulting from the failure of the Spin-off to qualify for the intended tax-free treatment (and related amounts) to the extent that the failure to so qualify is attributable to: (i) an acquisition of all or a portion of the equity securities or assets of New Vimeo, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether New Vimeo participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (ii) certain other actions or inactions on the part of New Vimeo or (iii) any of the representations or undertakings made by New Vimeo in any of the transaction- related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the tax opinion being incorrect or violated. \n After the Spin-off, actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between the management and directors of IAC, on the one hand, and the management and directors of New Vimeo, on the other hand, or between management and directors of either entity and the management and directors of Expedia Group, Inc. or Match Group, Inc. \n After the completion of the Spin-off, the management and directors of IAC and New Vimeo may own both IAC capital stock and New Vimeo capital stock, and the parties anticipate that certain members of IAC’s senior management team may be directors of New Vimeo after the completion of the Spin-Off. This overlap could create (or appear to create) potential conflicts of interest when directors and executive officers of New IAC and New Vimeo face decisions that could have different implications for IAC and New Vimeo. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between IAC and New Vimeo regarding terms of the agreements governing the Spin-off and the relationship between IAC and New Vimeo thereafter or any commercial agreements between the parties or their affiliates. Potential conflicts of interest could also arise if IAC and New Vimeo enter into any commercial arrangements in the future. Actual or potential conflicts of interest may also develop as a result of officers or directors of IAC and/or New Vimeo who are also officers or directors of Expedia Group, Inc. or Match Group, Inc. \n The aggregate value of the IAC and New Vimeo securities that current holders of IAC capital stock receive in the Spin-off might be less than the value of the IAC securities that they held before the Spin-off. \n If IAC completes the Spin-off, holders of IAC capital stock as of immediately prior to the Spin-off will receive a combination of shares of IAC capital stock and New Vimeo capital stock. The prices at which shares of IAC securities and/or New Vimeo securities may trade at post-Spin-off are unpredictable. Therefore, the combined market value of one share of IAC common stock and a to be determined number of shares of New Vimeo common stock post-Spin-off may be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of one share of IAC common stock prior to the Spin-off. \n Additionally, the value of IAC securities and/or New Vimeo securities may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, after the completion of the Spin-off. Some of these matters are described in these risk factors and others may or may not have been identified by IAC or New Vimeo prior to the completion of the Spin-off, and many of them are not within the control of IAC or New Vimeo. Should any adverse circumstances, facts, changes or effects come to pass, the combined value of the IAC and New Vimeo securities could be less than the value of IAC securities before the Spin-off. \n Substantial sales of IAC common stock following the Spin-off, or the perception that such sales might occur, could depress the market price of IAC common stock, which is already expected to be lower than the pre-Spin-off market price of IAC common stock due to IAC no longer having any ownership interest in its Vimeo business. \n The post-Spin-off market price of IAC common stock is expected to be lower than the pre-Spin-off market price of IAC common stock, as IAC will no longer have an ownership interest in its Vimeo business. In addition, the smaller size and different investment characteristics of IAC may not appeal to the current investor base of IAC and/or could result in less equity analyst coverage, which could result in sales of substantial amounts of IAC common stock in the public market following the Spin-off, or the perception that such sales might occur. There is no assurance that there will be sufficient buying interest to offset any such sales, and, accordingly, the price of IAC common stock may be depressed by those sales and have periods of volatility. \n After the Spin-off, financial institutions could remove IAC securities from investment indices. In addition, IAC securities  may not meet the investment guidelines of institutional investors. In either case, these factors could negatively impact the price of IAC securities and could impair the ability of IAC to raise capital through the sale of securities. \n Some holders of IAC securities are index funds tied to stock exchange and/or other stock or investment indices, or are institutional investors bound by various investment guidelines. Companies are generally selected for investment indices, and in some cases selected by institutional investors, based on factors such as market capitalization, industry, trading liquidity and \n financial condition. The Spin-off will reduce IAC’s market capitalization. As a result, one or more investment indices may remove IAC securities from their indices. In addition, IAC securities that are received in the Spin-off may not meet the investment guidelines of some institutional investors. Consequently, these index funds and institutional investors may have to sell some or all of the securities they receive in the Spin-off, and the prices of IAC securities may fall as a result. Any such decline could impair the ability of IAC to raise capital through future sales of securities.