The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. \n Competition and Economic Risks \n As the pay-TV industry has matured and bundled offers combining video, broadband and/or wireless services have become more prevalent and competitive , we face intense and increasing competition from providers of video, broadband and/or wireless services, which may require us to further increase subscriber acquisition and retention spending or accept lower subscriber activations and higher subscriber churn. \n Our business has historically focused on providing pay-TV services and we have traditionally competed against satellite television providers and cable companies, many of whom have greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do.  In recent years, industries have been converging as providers of video, broadband and wireless services compete to deliver the next generation of service offerings.  The pay-TV industry has matured and bundled offers combining video, broadband and/or wireless services have become more prevalent and competitive.  In some cases, certain competitors have been able to potentially subsidize the price of video services with the price of broadband and/or wireless services.  These developments, among others, have contributed to intense and increasing competition, which we expect to continue. \n With respect to our DISH TV services, we and our competitors increasingly must seek to attract a greater proportion of new subscribers from each other’s existing subscriber bases rather than from first-time purchasers of pay-TV services.  In addition, because other pay-TV providers may be seeking to attract a greater proportion of their new subscribers from our existing subscriber base, we are required to increase retention spending and/or provide greater discounts or credits to acquire and retain subscribers who may spend less on our services.  If our Pay-TV average monthly revenue per subscriber (“Pay-TV ARPU”) decreases or does not increase commensurate with increases in programming or other costs, our margins may be reduced and the long-term value of a subscriber would then decrease.  In addition, our Sling TV subscribers on average purchase lower priced programming services than DISH TV subscribers.  Accordingly, an increase in Sling TV subscribers has a negative impact on our Pay-TV ARPU. \n This increasingly competitive environment may require us to increase subscriber acquisition and retention spending or accept lower subscriber activations and higher subscriber churn.  Further, as a result of this increased competitive environment and the maturation of the pay-TV industry, future growth opportunities of our DISH TV business may be limited and our margins may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.  Our gross new DISH TV subscriber activations continue to be negatively impacted by stricter customer acquisition policies (including a focus on attaining higher quality subscribers) and increased competitive pressures, including aggressive marketing, more aggressive retention efforts, bundled discount offers combining broadband, video and/or wireless services and other discounted promotional offers.  There can be no assurance that our gross new DISH TV subscriber activations, net DISH TV subscriber additions, and DISH TV churn rate will not continue to be negatively impacted and that the pace of such negative impact will not accelerate. \n In addition, MVPDs and other companies such as programmers are offering smaller packages of programming channels directly to customers, at prices lower than our video service package offerings.  These offerings could adversely affect demand for our Pay-TV services or cause us to modify our programming packages, which may reduce our margins.