The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us.  We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic and current reports we file with the SEC. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. \n COVID-19 Pandemic \n The COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the economic environment generally, and on us specifically, have adversely impacted our business.  Furthermore, any continuation or worsening of the pandemic and economic environment could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n A novel strain of coronavirus which causes the disease COVID-19 has resulted in a worldwide health pandemic.  To date, COVID-19 has surfaced in nearly all regions around the world and resulted in global travel restrictions and business slowdowns or shutdowns.  The COVID-19 pandemic has also created unanticipated circumstances and uncertainty, disruption, and significant volatility in the economic environment generally, which have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business operations and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, many of our subscribers are impacted by recommendations and/or mandates from federal, state, and local authorities to practice social distancing, to refrain from gathering in groups and, in some areas, to refrain from non-essential movements outside of their homes.  Governmental authorities in affected regions are taking increasingly dramatic action in an effort to slow the spread of COVID-19. \n These recommendations and/or mandates have created reduced in person selling opportunities and a reduction in subscribers’ willingness to open direct mail marketing, allow our in-home technicians into their homes, and visit our retail wireless locations which has had, and will continue to have, a negative impact on our gross subscriber activations.  The removal of such recommendations and/or mandates may not change subscribers’ behaviors.  The impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations is currently uncertain and not predictable and will depend largely on future developments, including the duration and spread of the pandemic within the United States, the response by all levels of government in their efforts to contain or combat the pandemic and to mitigate the economic disruptions, and the related impact on consumer confidence and spending, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.  We cannot predict with certainty how long the COVID-19 pandemic will last, how effective vaccines may be or what other government responses may occur. \n The following risks and uncertainties related to our business, among others, could be impacted and/or exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any resulting worsening of the economic environment: \n ● We have faced, and could continue to face, fewer subscriber activations and increased subscriber churn rate as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the worsening of the global business and economic environment due to, among other things, the reduced ability to perform our in-home service operations due to the impact of social distancing, changes to interest rates, downturns in the housing market in the United States (including a decline in housing starts), higher unemployment, which could lead to a lack of consumer confidence and lower discretionary spending, and reduced on-premises operations of our commercial subscribers. For example, our commercial services have been impacted as many bars, restaurants, and other commercial establishments were recommended and/or mandated to suspend all non-essential “in-person” business operations.  In addition, airlines and hotels significantly reduced operations as a result of government actions and/or lower consumer demand. \n ● Our revenue with respect to both our pay-TV and wireless services comes from subscribers whose spending patterns may be affected by economic weakness and uncertainty, including any economic weakness and/or uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic.