Risks Related to Our Business 
 If
our wireless service provider customers combine their operations to a significant degree, our future operating results and our ability to service our indebtedness could be adversely affected. 
 Significant consolidation among our wireless service provider customers may result in our customers failing to renew existing leases for
tower space or reducing future capital expenditures in the aggregate because their existing networks and expansion plans may overlap or be very similar. In connection with the combinations of Verizon Wireless and ALLTEL (to form Verizon Wireless),
Cingular and AT&T Wireless (to form AT&T Mobility) and Sprint PCS and Nextel (to form Sprint Nextel), the combined companies have rationalized and may continue to rationalize duplicative parts of their networks, which has led and may
continue to lead to the non-renewal of certain leases on our towers. If our wireless service provider customers continue to consolidate as a result of, among other factors, limited wireless spectrum for commercial use in the U.S., this consolidation
could significantly impact the number of tower leases that are not renewed or the number of new leases that our wireless service provider customers require to expand their networks, which could materially and adversely affect our future operating
results. 
 We have a substantial level of indebtedness which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to take
advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities. 
 As indicated below, we have and will continue to have a
significant amount of indebtedness relative to our equity. The following table sets forth our total principal amount of debt and shareholders’ equity as of December 31, 2011 and 2012. 
 As of December 31, 
 2011 
 2012 
 (in thousands) 
 Total principal amount of indebtedness 
 3,512,500 
 5,440,073 
 Shareholders’ (deficit) equity 
 (11,313 
 652,991 
 Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash
sufficient to pay the principal, interest or other amounts due on our indebtedness. Subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may also incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, some of
which may be secured debt. This may have the effect of increasing our total leverage. 
 As a consequence of our indebtedness,
(1) demands on our cash resources may increase, (2) we are subject to restrictive covenants that further limit our financial and operating flexibility and (3) we may choose to institute self-imposed limits on our indebtedness based on
certain considerations including market interest rates, our relative leverage and our strategic plans. For example, as a result of our substantial level of indebtedness and the uncertainties arising in the credit markets and the U.S. economy: 
 we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 we may have to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing or on our variable rate indebtedness if interest rates rise, thereby reducing our cash flows; 
 we may find it more difficult to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate
requirements that would be in our best long-term interests; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing
the available cash flow to fund other investments, including tower acquisition and new build capital expenditures; 
 we may be required to reduce our annual tower acquisition or new build goals; 
 we may have limited flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or in the industry; 
 we may have a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry that are less leveraged; and 
 we may be required to sell debt or equity securities or sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, in order to meet payment
obligations. 
 These restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business by limiting our
ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. 
 In addition,
fluctuations in market interest rates may increase interest expense relating to our floating rate indebtedness, which we expect to incur under our Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loans, and may make it difficult to refinance our existing
indebtedness at a commercially reasonable rate or at all. There is no guarantee that the future refinancing of our indebtedness will have fixed interest rates or that interest rates on such indebtedness will be equal to or lower than the rates on
our current indebtedness. 
 We depend on a relatively small number of customers for most of our revenue, and the loss, consolidation or
financial instability of any of our significant customers may materially decrease our revenues. 
 We derive a
significant portion of our revenue from a small number of customers. Consequently, a reduction in demand for site leasing, reduced future capital expenditures on the networks, or the loss, as a result of bankruptcy, merger with other customers of
ours or otherwise, of any of our largest customers could materially decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our growth. Our substantial acquisitions in 2012 further increased our client concentration and exacerbated the risks associated
with such concentration. 
 The following is a list of significant customers (representing at least 10% of revenue in any of the
last three years) and the percentage of our total revenues for the specified time periods derived from these customers: 
 Percentage of Total Revenues 
 For the year ended December 
31, 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 Sprint 
 20.4 
 19.8 
 21.2 
 AT&T 
 23.9 
 23.8 
 20.4 
 T-Mobile 
 11.6 
 10.7 
 12.7 
 Verizon Wireless 
 14.8 
 14.8 
 12.7 
 We also have client concentrations with respect to revenues in each of our financial reporting segments: 
 Percentage of Site Leasing Revenues 
 For the year ended 
December 31, 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 Sprint 
 23.6 
 22.3 
 23.8 
 AT&T 
 28.0 
 26.8 
 22.9 
 T-Mobile 
 11.7 
 11.2 
 13.6 
 Verizon Wireless 
 15.4 
 15.5 
 13.2 
 Percentage of Site Development Revenues 
 For the year ended 
December 31, 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 Ericsson, Inc. 
 3.0 
 9.0 
 24.5 
 Nsoro Mastec, LLC 
 31.2 
 35.6 
 16.2 
 Verizon Wireless 
 11.2 
 9.5 
 8.9 
 T-Mobile 
 10.6 
 7.0 
 5.8 
 Revenue from these clients is derived from numerous different site leasing contracts and site development
contracts. Each site leasing contract relates to the lease of space at an individual tower site and is generally for an initial term of five to ten years in the U.S. and Canada, and renewable for five 5-year periods at the option of the tenant. Our
Central and South America markets typically have an initial term of 10 years with 5-year renewal periods. However, if any of our significant site leasing clients were to experience financial difficulty, substantially reduce their capital
expenditures or reduce their dependence on leased tower space and fail to renew their leases with us, our revenues, future revenue growth and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Our site development customers engage us on a project-by-project basis, and a customer can generally terminate an assignment at any time
without penalty. In addition, a customer’s need for site development services can decrease, and we may not be successful in establishing relationships with new customers. Furthermore, our existing customers may not continue to engage us for
additional projects. 
 A slowdown in demand for wireless communications services or for tower space could materially and adversely affect
our future growth and revenues. 
 If wireless service subscribers significantly reduce their minutes of use, or fail to
widely adopt and use wireless data applications, our wireless service provider customers would experience a decrease in demand for their services. Regardless of consumer demand, each wireless service customer must have substantial capital resources
and capabilities to build out their wireless networks, including licenses for spectrum. In addition, our wireless service customers have engaged in increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements. As a result of all of the above,
wireless carriers may scale back their business plans or otherwise reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our tower space and our wireless communications services business, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our international operations are subject to economic, political and other risks, including risks
associated with foreign currency exchange rates, that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. 
 Our current business operations in Canada, Central America and South America, and our expansion into any other international markets in the future, could result in adverse financial consequences and
operational problems not typically experienced in the United States. Although the consolidated revenues generated by our international operations were less than 6% during the year ended December 31, 2012, we anticipate that our revenues from
our international operations will grow in the future. Accordingly, our business is and will in the future be subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 
 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; 
 laws and regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital; 
 laws and regulations that dictate how we operate our communications sites and conduct business, including zoning, maintenance and environmental
matters, and laws related to ownership of real property; 
 laws and regulations governing our employee relations, including occupational health and safety matters; 
 changes to existing or new domestic or international tax laws or fees directed specifically at the ownership and operation of tower sites, which may be
applied and enforced retroactively; 
 expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership; 
 restricting or revoking spectrum licenses; 
 our ability to comply with, and the costs of compliance with, anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar local
anti-bribery laws; 
 our ability to compete with owners and operators of wireless communications towers that have been in the international market for a longer period of
time than we have; 
 uncertainties regarding legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial application
thereof, and delays in the judicial process; 
 health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic; 
 difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel; and 
 language and cultural differences. 
 The majority of our international operations are denominated in United States dollars. However, for some of our international operations, particularly Brazil, we face risks associated with changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast
and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. 
 If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers,
it could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our real property interests relating to our towers
consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, rights-of-way, and other similar interests. From time to time, we experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of the agreements for the land
under our towers, which can affect our ability to access and operate such towers. Further, landowners may not want to renew their agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their land interests to third parties,
including ground lease aggregators and our competitors, which could affect our ability to renew agreements on commercially viable terms or at all. Our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a future material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 In addition, we may not always have the ability to
analyze and verify all information regarding title, access and other issues regarding the land underlying acquired towers. To the extent that we do not have complete access to, or use of, the land underlying the acquired towers, it could require us
to incur additional expenses before we can operate and generate revenue from such tower. 
 Increasing competition may negatively impact our ability to grow our tower portfolio long term. 
 We currently intend to grow our tower portfolio 5% to 10% annually, domestically and internationally, through
acquisitions and new builds. Our ability to meet these growth targets significantly depends on our ability to acquire existing towers that meet our investment requirements. Traditionally, our acquisition strategy has focused on acquiring towers from
smaller tower companies, independent tower developers and wireless service providers. However, as a result of consolidation in the tower industry there are fewer of these mid-sized tower transactions available and there is more competition to
acquire existing towers. Increased competition for acquisitions may result in fewer acquisition opportunities for us, higher acquisition prices, and increased difficulty in negotiating and consummating agreements to acquire such towers. Furthermore,
to the extent that the tower acquisition opportunities are for significant tower portfolios, many of our competitors are significantly larger and have greater financial resources than us. As a result of these risks, the cost of acquiring these
towers may be higher than we expect or we may not be able to add as many towers as we had planned in 2013. If we are not able to successfully address these challenges, we may not be able to materially increase our tower portfolio in the long-term. 
 Our convertible note hedge transactions may not cover all of the potential dilution or additional cash outlay, if we settled the notes
in cash, to which we may be subject upon conversion of the notes. 
 Concurrently with the pricing of our 1.875%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2013 (the “1.875% Notes”) and our 4.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 (the “4.0% Notes”) we entered into convertible note hedge transactions and warrant transactions with affiliates of certain of
the initial purchasers of the convertible note offerings. The initial strike price of the convertible note hedge transactions relating to our 1.875% Notes is $41.46 per share of our Class A common stock (the same as the initial conversion price
of our 1.875% convertible notes) and the upper strike price of the warrants is $67.37 per share. The initial strike price of the convertible note hedge transactions relating to our 4.0% convertible Notes is $30.38 per share of our Class A
common stock (the same as the initial conversion price of the 4.0% Notes) and the upper strike price of the warrant transactions is $44.64 per share. Pursuant to the terms of the warrant transaction, we are responsible for the dilution or costs, to
the extent that we settle in cash or stock, arising from the conversion of the notes to the extent that the market price of our Class A common stock exceeds the strike price of the warrants. We have purchased an aggregate of $81.2 million in
principal amount of the 1.875% Notes, and $468.8 million remains outstanding. If the market price of our Class A common stock significantly exceeded either of these strike prices on their respective conversion dates we would be subject to
material dilution or, to the extent we elected to settle in cash, material additional costs. 
 Initially we entered into
convertible note hedge and warrant transactions to cover the full amount of the shares that were issuable upon conversion of the 1.875% Notes and the 4.0% Notes. However, as a result of the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers OTC Derivatives Inc.
(“Lehman Derivatives”), we terminated the convertible note hedge transaction that we had entered into with Lehman Derivatives. The terminated convertible note hedge transaction had originally covered 55% of the 13,265,780 shares of our
Class A common stock potentially issuable upon conversion of our 1.875% Notes. Consequently, we do not currently have a hedge with respect to that percentage of the shares issuable upon conversion of the 1.875% Notes To the extent that the
market price of our Class A common stock exceeds $41.46 per share upon conversion of the notes, we will be subject to dilution or if we settle in cash, additional costs, upon conversion of that portion of the 1.875% Notes. If any of the other
counterparties to our convertible hedge transactions were to default in their obligations, then our potential dilution or costs upon conversion of the respective notes would be materially increased. 
 At the end of the first quarter of 2012 the 4.0% Notes became convertible by the note holders because our Class A common stock
closing price per share exceeded $39.49 for at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading day period ending on March 31, 2012. The requisite conditions were again met as of the end of the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012
and the 4.0% Notes remained convertible by the note holders. The 4.0% Notes will continue to be convertible through March 31, 2013, and will still be convertible thereafter, if one or more of the conversion conditions are satisfied. 
 At the end of the third quarter of 2012, the conversion right for the 1.875% Notes was
triggered because our Class A common stock closing price per share exceeded $53.90 for at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading day period ending on September 30, 2012. The requisite conditions were again met as of the
end of the fourth quarter of 2012 and the 1.875% Notes remained convertible by the note holders. The 1.875% Notes will continue to be convertible until March 31, 2013, and may be convertible thereafter, if one or more of the conversion
conditions are satisfied. 
 New technologies and their use by carriers may have a material adverse effect on our growth rate and results
of operations. 
 The emergence of new technologies could reduce the demand for space on our towers. For example, the
increased use by wireless service providers of signal combining and related technologies and products that allow two or more wireless service providers to provide services on different transmission frequencies using the same communications antenna
and other facilities normally used by only one wireless service provider (i.e. network sharing) could reduce the demand for our tower space. Additionally, the use of technologies that enhance spectral capacity, such as beam forming or “smart
antennae,” that can increase the range and capacity of an antenna could reduce the number of additional sites a wireless service provider needs to adequately serve a certain subscriber base and therefore reduce demand for our tower space. The
development and growth of communications and other new technologies that do not require ground-based sites, such as the growth in delivery of video, voice and data services by satellites or other technologies, could also adversely affect the demand
for our tower space. If any of these or other new technologies are widely adopted in the future it could have a material adverse effect on our growth and results of operations. 
 Our acquisition initiatives may disrupt our operations or heighten the risks inherent in our growth strategy. In addition, future acquisitions that are material in the aggregate may increase our
debt levels and our leverage. 
 A key element of our growth strategy is to increase our tower portfolio through
acquisitions. Consequently, as part of our business, we evaluate potential acquisitions, some of which may be, individually or in the aggregate, materially significant in terms of the number of towers to be acquired or the price that we would need
to pay. Any future acquisitions that we may consummate that are material could increase our absolute level of debt and our pro forma leverage ratio. 
 In addition, acquisitions which would be material in the aggregate may exacerbate the risks inherent with our growth strategy, such as (i) an adverse impact on our overall profitability if the
acquired towers do not achieve the financial results projected in our valuation models, (ii) unanticipated costs associated with the acquisitions that may impact our results of operations for a period, (iii) increased demands on our cash
resources that may, among other things, impact our ability to explore other opportunities, (iv) undisclosed and assumed liabilities that we may be unable to recover, (v) increased vulnerability to general economic conditions, (vi) an
adverse impact on our existing customer relationships, (vii) additional expenses and exposure to new regulatory, political and economic risks if such acquisitions were in new jurisdictions and (viii) diversion of managerial attention. 
 We may not successfully integrate acquired towers into our operations. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions. The process of integrating any acquired towers
into our operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and large expenditures and may absorb significant management attention that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. It may also result in the loss
of key customers and/or personnel and expose us to unanticipated liabilities. These risks may be exacerbated in those circumstances in which we acquire a material number of towers. Further, we may not be able to retain the key employees that may be
necessary to operate the business we acquire, and, we may not be able to timely attract new skilled employees and management to replace them. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in integrating acquisitions into our existing
business. 
 Delays or changes in the deployment or adoption of new technologies or slowing consumer adoption rates
may have a material adverse effect on our growth rate. 
 There can be no assurances that 3G, 4G or other new wireless
technologies will be deployed or adopted as rapidly as projected or that these new technologies will be implemented in the manner anticipated. The deployment of 3G experienced delays from the original projected timelines of the wireless and
broadcast industries, and deployment of 4G has been limited to date. Additionally, the demand by consumers and the adoption rate of consumers for these new technologies once deployed may be lower or slower than anticipated. These factors could have
a material adverse effect on our growth rate since growth opportunities and demand for our tower space as a result of such new technologies may not be realized at the times or to the extent anticipated. 
 We may not secure as many site leasing tenants as planned or our lease rates for new tenant leases may decline. 
 If wireless service provider demand for tower space or our lease rates on new leases decrease, we may not be able to successfully grow
our site leasing business as expected. This may have a material adverse effect on our strategy, revenue growth and our ability to satisfy our financial and other contractual obligations. Our plan for the growth of our site leasing business largely
depends on our management’s expectations and assumptions concerning future tenant demand and potential lease rates for our towers. 
 Increasing competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures that may materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our industry is highly competitive, and our customers sometimes have alternatives for leasing antenna space. Some of our competitors,
such as (1) U.S. and international wireless carriers that allow collocation on their towers and (2) large independent tower companies, are substantially larger and have greater financial resources than us. This could provide them with
advantages with respect to establishing favorable leasing terms with wireless service providers or in their ability to acquire available towers. 
 In the site leasing business, we compete with: 
 wireless service providers that own and operate their own towers and lease, or may in the future decide to lease, antenna space to other providers; 
 national and regional tower companies; and 
 alternative facilities such as rooftops, outdoor and indoor DAS networks, billboards and electric transmission towers. 
 We believe that tower location and capacity, quality of service, density within a geographic market and, to a lesser extent, price
historically have been and will continue to be the most significant competitive factors affecting the site leasing business. However, competitive pricing pressures for tenants on towers from these competitors could materially and adversely affect
our lease rates. In addition, we may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. Increasing competition could also make the
acquisition of high quality tower assets more costly, or limit the acquisition opportunities altogether. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The site development segment of our industry is also extremely competitive. There are numerous large and small companies that offer one
or more of the services offered by our site development business. As a result of 
 this competition, margins in this segment continue to be under pressure. Many of our competitors have lower overhead expenses and therefore may be able to provide services at prices that we
consider unprofitable. If margins in this segment were to further decrease, our consolidated revenues and our site development segment operating profit could be adversely affected. 
 The documents governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that could adversely affect our business by limiting our flexibility. 
 The indentures governing the 8.25% Notes, the 5.75% Notes and the 5.625% Notes, the Senior Credit Agreement and the Secured Tower Revenue
Securities contain restrictive covenants imposing significant operational and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. Among other things, the
covenants under each indenture limit our ability to: 
 Merge, consolidate or sell assets; 
 Make restricted payments, including pay dividends or make other distributions; 
 Enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 
 Issue guarantees of indebtedness. 
 We are required to maintain certain financial ratios under the Senior Credit Agreement. The Senior Credit Agreement requires SBA Senior Finance II and SBACC to maintain specific financial ratios,
including, at the SBA Senior Finance II level, (1) a ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Annualized Borrower EBITDA not to exceed 6.0 times for any fiscal quarter, (2) a ratio of Consolidated Total Debt and Net Hedge Exposure (calculated
in accordance with the Senior Credit Agreement) to Annualized Borrower EBITDA for the most recently ended fiscal quarter not to exceed 6.0 times for 30 consecutive days and (3) a ratio of Annualized Borrower EBITDA to Annualized Cash Interest
Expense (calculated in accordance with the Senior Credit Agreement) of not less than 2.0 times for any fiscal quarter. In addition, SBACC’s ratio of Consolidated Total Net Debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (calculated in accordance with the
Senior Credit Agreement) for any fiscal quarter on an annualized basis cannot exceed 9.5 times. 
 Additionally, the mortgage
loan relating to our Tower Securities contains financial covenants that require that the mortgage loan borrowers maintain, on a consolidated basis, a minimum debt service coverage ratio. To the extent that the debt service coverage ratio, as of the
end of any calendar quarter, falls to 1.30 times or lower, then all cash flow in excess of amounts required to make debt service payments, to fund required reserves, to pay management fees and budgeted operating expenses and to make other payments
required under the loan documents, referred to as “excess cash flow,” will be deposited into a reserve account instead of being released to the Borrowers. The funds in the reserve account will not be released to the Borrowers unless the
debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.30 times for two consecutive calendar quarters. If the debt service coverage ratio falls below 1.15 times as of the end of any calendar quarter, then an “amortization period” will commence and all
funds on deposit in the reserve account will be applied to prepay the mortgage loan until such time that the debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.15 times for a calendar quarter. 
 These covenants could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our competitors which may have fewer restrictive covenants and may
not be required to operate under these restrictions. Further, these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, merger and acquisitions or other opportunities.
If we fail to comply with these covenants, it could result in an event of default under our debt instruments. If any default occurs, all amounts outstanding under our outstanding notes and the Senior Credit Agreement may become immediately due
and payable. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness and refinancing obligations subject us to interest rate risk, which
could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Fluctuations in market interest rates may
increase interest expense relating to our floating rate indebtedness, which we expect to incur under the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loans or upon refinancing our fixed rate debt. As a result, we are exposed to interest rate risk. If interest
rates were to increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will
correspondingly decrease. There is no guarantee that any future refinancing of our indebtedness will have fixed interest rates or that interest rates on such indebtedness will be equal to or lower than the rates on our current indebtedness. In the
future, we may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable
rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 Our dependence on our subsidiaries for
cash flow may negatively affect our business. 
 We are a holding company with no business operations of our own. Our
only significant assets are, and are expected to be, the outstanding capital stock and membership interests of our subsidiaries. We conduct, and expect to continue conducting, all of our business operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our
ability to pay our obligations is dependent upon dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries to us. Most of our indebtedness is owed directly by our subsidiaries, including the mortgage loan underlying the Tower Securities, the 8.25%
Notes, the 5.75% Notes, the Term Loans and any amounts that we may borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility. Consequently, the first use of any cash flow from operations generated by such subsidiaries will be payments of interest and principal, if
any, under their respective indebtedness. Other than the cash required to repay amounts due under our outstanding convertible notes, we currently expect that substantially all the earnings and cash flow of our subsidiaries will be retained and used
by them in their operations, including servicing their respective debt obligations. The ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or transfer assets to us is restricted by applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including the
terms of their outstanding debt instruments. 
 Our quarterly operating results for our site development services fluctuate and therefore
we may not be able to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis with regard to such fluctuations. 
 The demand for
our site development services fluctuates from quarter to quarter and should not be considered indicative of long-term results. Numerous factors cause these fluctuations, including: 
 the timing and amount of our customers’ capital expenditures; 
 the size and scope of our projects; 
 the business practices of customers, such as deferring commitments on new projects until after the end of the calendar year or the customers’
fiscal year; 
 delays relating to a project or tenant installation of equipment; 
 seasonal factors, such as weather, vacation days and total business days in a quarter; 
 the use of third party providers by our customers; 
 the rate and volume of wireless service providers’ network development; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 Although the demand for our site development services fluctuates, we incur significant fixed
costs, such as maintaining a staff and office space, in anticipation of future contracts. In addition, the timing of revenues is difficult to forecast because our sales cycle may be relatively long. Therefore, we may not be able to adjust our cost
structure on a timely basis to respond to the fluctuations in demand for our site development services. 
 We are not profitable and
expect to continue to incur losses. 
 We are not profitable. The following chart shows the net losses we incurred for
the periods indicated: 
 For the year ended December 31, 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 (in thousands) 
 Net loss 
 (194,421 
 (126,892 
 (181,390 
 Our losses are principally due to depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses, interest expense
(including non-cash interest expense and amortization of deferred financing fees), and losses from the extinguishment of debt in the periods presented above. We expect to continue to incur significant losses, which may affect our ability to service
our indebtedness. 
 The loss of the services of certain of our key personnel or a significant number of our employees may negatively
affect our business. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon performance and active participation of our key
personnel. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining the services of these key personnel. We have employment agreements with Jeffrey A. Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Kurt L. Bagwell, our Senior Vice President
and President—International, Thomas P. Hunt, our Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel, and Brendan T. Cavanagh, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We do not have employment agreements with
any of our other key personnel. If we were to lose any key personnel, we may not be able to find an appropriate replacement on a timely basis and our results of operations could be negatively affected. Further, the loss of a significant number of
employees or our inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our
business is subject to government regulations and changes in current or future regulations could harm our business. 
 We are subject to federal, state and local regulation of our business, both in the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S., both the
Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) and the FCC regulate the construction, modification and maintenance of antenna towers and structures that support wireless communications and radio and television antennas. In addition, the FCC
separately licenses and regulates wireless communications equipment and television and radio stations operating from such towers and structures. FAA and FCC regulations govern construction, lighting, painting and marking of towers and structures and
may, depending on the characteristics of the tower or structure, require registration of the tower or structure. Certain proposals to construct new towers or structures or to modify existing towers or structures are reviewed by the FAA to ensure
that the tower or structure will not present a hazard to air navigation. 
 Antenna tower owners and antenna structure owners
may have an obligation to mark or paint towers or structures or install lighting to conform to FAA and FCC regulations and to maintain such marking, painting and lighting. Antenna tower owners and antenna structure owners may also bear the
responsibility of notifying the FAA of any lighting outages. Certain proposals to operate wireless communications and radio or television stations from antenna towers and structures are also reviewed by the FCC to ensure compliance with 
 environmental impact requirements. Failure to comply with existing or future applicable requirements may lead to civil penalties or other liabilities and may subject us to significant
indemnification liability to our customers against any such failure to comply. In addition, new regulations may impose additional costly burdens on us, which may affect our revenues and cause delays in our growth. 
 Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by community
developers, vary greatly, but typically require antenna tower and structure owners to obtain approval from local officials or community standards organizations prior to tower or structure construction or modification. Local regulations can delay,
prevent, or increase the cost of new construction, co-locations, or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to customer demand. In addition, new regulations may be adopted that increase delays or result in additional costs to us.
Furthermore, with respect to our international new builds, our tower construction may be delayed or halted as a result of local zoning restrictions, inconsistencies between laws or other barriers to construction in international markets. These
factors could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and operations. 
 Our towers are subject to damage from natural
disasters. 
 Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters such as tornadoes, hurricanes and
earthquakes. We maintain insurance to cover the estimated cost of replacing damaged towers, but these insurance policies are subject to loss limits and deductibles. We also maintain third party liability insurance, subject to loss limits and
deductibles, to protect us in the event of an accident involving a tower. A tower accident for which we are uninsured or underinsured, or damage to a significant number of our towers, could require us to incur significant expenditures and may have a
material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition. 
 To the extent that we are not able to meet our contractual
obligations to our customers, due to a natural disaster or other catastrophic circumstances, our customers may not be obligated or willing to pay their lease expenses; however, we would be required to continue paying our fixed expenses related to
the affected tower, including ground lease expenses. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations to our customers for a material portion of our towers, our operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We could have liability under environmental laws that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 Our operations, like those of other companies engaged in similar businesses, are subject to the
requirements of various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to,
hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials, and wastes. As owner, lessee or operator of numerous tower sites, we may be liable for substantial costs of remediating soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, without regard to
whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of or were responsible for the contamination. We may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. The current cost of complying with
these laws is not material to our financial condition or results of operations. However, the requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and could become more stringent in the future. It is possible that these
requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if taxing authorities do not agree with our tax positions, or we are unable to utilize our net operating losses. 
 We are periodically subject to a number of tax examinations by taxing authorities in the states and countries where we do business. We
also have significant deferred tax assets related to our net operating losses (“NOLs”) 
 in U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions. Generally, for U.S. federal and state tax purposes, NOLs can be carried forward and used for up to twenty years, and all of our tax years will
remain subject to examination until three years after our NOLs are used or expire. We expect that we will continue to be subject to tax examinations in the future. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local, as well as international, tax laws and
regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. We recognize tax benefits of uncertain tax positions when we believe the positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon a challenge by the relevant tax authority.
We believe our judgments in this area are reasonable and correct, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful if challenged by a tax authority. If there are tax benefits, including from our use of NOLs or other tax attributes, that are
challenged successfully by a taxing authority, we may be required to pay additional taxes or we may seek to enter into settlements with the taxing authorities, which could require significant payments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, we may be limited in our ability to utilize our
NOLs to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce our otherwise payable income taxes. We have substantial federal and state NOLs, including significant portions obtained through acquisitions and dispositions, as well as those generated through
our historic business operations. In addition, we have disposed of some entities and restructured other entities in conjunction with financing transactions and other business activities. 
 To the extent we believe that a position with respect to an NOL is not more likely than not to be sustained, we do not record the related
deferred tax asset. In addition, for NOLs that meet the recognition threshold, we assess the recoverability of the NOL and establish a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset related to the NOL if recoverability is questionable. Given the
uncertainty surrounding the recoverability of certain of our NOLs, we have established a valuation allowance to offset the related deferred tax asset so as to reflect what we believe to be the recoverable portion of our NOLs. 
 Our ability to utilize our NOLs is also dependent, in part, upon us having sufficient future earnings to utilize our NOLs before they
expire. If market conditions change materially and we determine that we will be unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our NOLs, we could be required to record an additional valuation allowance. We review our uncertain
tax position and the valuation allowance for our NOLs periodically and make adjustments from time to time, which can result in an increase or decrease to the net deferred tax asset related to our NOLs. Our NOLs are also subject to review and
potential disallowance upon audit by the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions where the NOLs were incurred, and future changes in tax laws or interpretations of such tax laws could limit materially our ability to utilize our NOLs. If we are
unable to use our NOLs or use of our NOLs is limited, we may have to make significant payments or otherwise record charges or reduce our deferred tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 
 Our issuance of equity securities and other associated transactions may trigger a future ownership change which
may negatively impact our ability to utilize net operating loss deferred tax assets in the future. 
 The issuance of
equity securities and other associated transactions may increase the chance that we will have a future ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. We may also have a future ownership change, outside of our control,
caused by future equity transactions by our current shareholders. Depending on our market value at the time of such future ownership change, an ownership change under Section 382 could negatively impact our ability to utilize our net operating
loss deferred tax assets in the event we generate future taxable income. Currently, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our net operating loss deferred tax asset because we have concluded that our loss history indicates that it is
not “more likely than not” that such deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market or the issuance of other equity may
cause dilution or adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and our ability to raise funds in new equity or equity-related offerings. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock or other equity-related securities in the public market, including sales by any selling shareholder or conversion of our
convertible notes, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 Our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from RF energy. 
 The U.S. government imposes requirements and other guidelines relating to exposure to RF energy. Exposure to high levels of RF energy can cause negative health effects. The potential connection between
exposure to low levels of RF energy and certain negative health effects, including some forms of cancer, has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years. According to the FCC, the results of these studies to
date have been inconclusive. However, public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications media could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. In particular,
negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, health risks could cause a decrease in the demand for wireless communications services. Moreover, if a connection between exposure to low levels of RF energy and possible negative health
effects, including cancer, were demonstrated, we could be subject to numerous claims. If we were subject to claims relating to exposure to RF energy, even if such claims were not ultimately found to have merit, our financial condition could be
materially and adversely affected. 
 Our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and Florida law provide for anti-takeover provisions that
could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us. 
 Provisions of our articles of incorporation, our bylaws
and Florida law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders. These provisions, alone or in combination with each other, may discourage transactions involving actual or
potential changes of control, including transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices to holders of our Class A common stock, or could limit the ability of our shareholders to approve transactions
that they may deem to be in their best interests.