Item 1A. Risk Factors \n In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the following risk factors, in evaluating our business, financial condition and operating results or an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness.  Many of these risks, and the events which cause these risks, are beyond our control. \n Although we describe below and elsewhere in this Annual Report the risks we consider to be the most material to our business, financial condition and operating results or an investment in our common stock or our indebtedness, there may be other known, unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other risks or factors that also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results in the future, or an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness.  In addition, past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.  Any information about our intentions, projections or forward looking statements in this Annual Report is a statement of our intentions, projections and forward looking statements as of the date of this report and is based upon, among other things, the regulatory, industry, competitive, economic and market conditions as of such date, as well as various of our assumptions at such time. We may change our intentions, projections or forward looking statements at any time and without notice, based upon any changes in such conditions, in our assumptions or otherwise. \n If any of the events, conditions or risks described below, individually or in combination, were to occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, and an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness, could be materially adversely affected. \n Investors should also be aware that while we do communicate with securities analysts at various times, it is against our policy to disclose to them selectively any material non-public information or other confidential information. Accordingly, investors should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by an analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. To the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are those of the securities analysts making such projections, forecasts or opinions and we have no responsibility for such projections, forecasts or opinions. \n The risk factors described in this section have been separated into three groups for ease of review, including, (i) those risk associated with our business, (ii) those risks related to legal and regulatory matters, and (iii) those other general risks relating to our capitalization and financing, among other things.  We urge you to read and consider all risk factors in evaluating our business, financial condition and operating results, and in making any investment decision in our common stock or indebtedness. \n Risks Related to Our Business \n We face intense competition from other telecommunications providers and new entrants in the marketplace and such competition may intensify in the future. \n We compete directly in each of our markets with wireless, wireline, cable, satellite, Internet and other communications service providers, including CLECs, VoIP and broadband service providers, resellers, sales agents and facilities-based providers that either use their own networks or lease networks.  Further, as the growth in the post-pay sector of the wireless industry continues to decrease, many of the largest nationwide competitors with significantly greater resources than we have are entering into the unlimited, no long term contract paid-in-advance sector of the wireless industry, either directly or indirectly through resellers or mobile virtual network operators, or MVNOs, significantly increasing competition and pushing down prices with aggressive sales and marketing campaigns. All of our national wireless broadband mobile competitors and certain of our regional competitors and MVNOs currently are offering unlimited service plans on a flat rate basis in the areas where we operate. The competitive pressures of the wireless telecommunications industry may continue to cause other carriers to offer unlimited service plans or service plans with increasingly large bundles of minutes of use or unlimited use at increasingly lower prices on a national coverage basis.   Since we primarily serve major metropolitan areas where the national wireless broadband mobile carriers and MVNOs are also offering services and we believe the overall post-paid market is experiencing slowing growth, we anticipate increased competition in the unlimited, no long term contract, paid-in-advance sector of the wireless broadband mobile industry. \n Market prices for wireless broadband mobile services in general, and for flat-rate, no long term contract, unlimited use of paid-in-advance services in particular, have declined over time and we anticipate will continue to decline with increased competition, including competition from carriers and MVNOs.  Moreover, certain carriers we compete against, or may compete against in the future, offer additional services, such as wireline phone service, cable or satellite television, media and Internet, \n and are capable of bundling their wireless services with these other services in a package of services that we may not be able to duplicate at competitive prices.  In response to all of the competitive offerings in the marketplace and falling market prices, we have added, and in the future may be required to add, additional select features to our existing service plans, change our service plans, change the geographic areas included in our roaming, long-distance and other products and services, reduce our prices,  or sell additional handsets, applications or content. We may also consider additional targeted promotional activities, reduced pricing, subsidizing the cost of handsets, or increasing commission payments to our indirect dealers as we evaluate and respond to the competitive environment going forward.  We cannot control the pricing decisions of our competitors and many may continue to reduce their prices or offer promotions aimed at our potential customers, which, combined with discounts afforded such competitors and their ability to bundle features and services, may result in more competitive pricing, slower growth, higher costs and increased churn of our customer base, as well as the possibility of having to change our service plans in response to customer demands, preferences and demographic trends, increase our handset subsidies, increase our dealer payments, and increase our marketing and distribution costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Many of our current and prospective competitors are, or are affiliated with, major companies that have better developed brands and brand awareness, networks and support systems, and substantially greater financial, technical, personnel, marketing and lobbying resources and bargaining power than we have. Some have greater access to capital, cash reserves, and spectrum holdings; longer-established brands with better name recognition; larger geographic coverage areas, roaming territories, and third-party distribution networks; better in-building coverage; unique intellectual property; exclusive distributorship arrangements for certain popular brands of handsets, applications and content and a larger market share; and more advanced technology than we have, all of which may affect our ability to compete successfully.  We currently do not have access to sell certain popular brands of handsets, such as the iPhone, which several of our largest competitors sell.  To the extent that sales of these popular handsets drive future growth in the industry or cause customers to switch providers, it could limit our ability to grow our subscriber base and could increase our churn. \n Many of our competitors also have established relationships with a larger base of current and potential customers and, due to their size and bargaining power, may obtain discounts or may have exclusive access to desired handsets, content, features, and services that our customers or prospective customers may want or demand. Many of our competitors with greater access to capital and production and distribution resources also have entered into or may enter into exclusive deals with vendors and suppliers, including handset vendors, wireless application developers and content providers, or may cause such vendors to only develop products or services usable on their spectrum. As handset, application, and content selection and pricing are increasingly important to customers, the lack of availability to us of some of the latest and most popular handsets, applications, and content, whether as a result of exclusive dealings, volume discounting, or otherwise could put us at a significant competitive disadvantage and could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain our customers, especially as our competitors continue to aggressively offer handset promotions with increased features, functionality and applications. Similarly, we believe we pay more, on average, than other national wireless broadband mobile carriers for our handsets and, if this trend continues and new technologies force us to offer new handsets and services, including those with increased costs due to increased features and functionality, we could be forced to further subsidize the price of our handsets and pay higher sales commissions on the sale or upgrade of handsets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.  Our competitors have licensed spectrum which is not always in the same bands as our spectrum and the extent to which future handsets will be compatible across all bands of spectrum is uncertain.  Accordingly, we may not achieve the same economies of scale with respect to the future handsets as we enjoy today. These advantages may allow our competitors to offer products and services (such as, handsets, devices, handset subsidies, higher commissions to distributors and dealers, broader geographic coverage, more facilities or services, and greater bundled features, applications and content) that we do not and cannot offer, offer lower prices, market to broader customer segments, and offer service over larger geographic areas. Our failure to respond timely to competition could reduce revenue, market share and net income.  All of these risks, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n Some of our competitors have, or may in the future, take advantage of governmental loan, grant or credit programs, or universal service fund payments, which may allow them to offer products and services for lower prices, have lower costs, or provide service in areas that may be uneconomical for us to serve without taking advantage of such programs.  If we choose not to, or are unable to, participate in such governmental programs and our competitors participate in such programs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n We may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to new marketing and sales initiatives launched by our competitors. \n Many of our competitors have far greater sales and marketing resources with far larger marketing budgets than we do. We do not spend as much on advertising and marketing as some of our competitors.  We generally have had, and anticipate in the future having, less sales and marketing resources than our competitors, and we have spent, and anticipate spending, less on \n advertising and marketing than our competitors.  We do not know and cannot anticipate what sales and marketing initiatives our competitors may launch or the magnitude of their efforts, including offering exclusive devices, services, features, or content, or offering discounted or free products or services and reimbursement of cancellation fees.   We generally do not have the resources to respond to all advertising and marketing initiatives of our competitors or we may be unable or unwilling to spend the amounts necessary to effectively respond to such marketing and sales initiatives and consequently our efforts may be ineffective, or our response may be inadequate to the competitive initiatives or may be delayed as a result of internal operating systems, such as billing, which may allow our competitors to gain competitive share and to have an effect on our brand and sales and marketing efforts.  We may not have time to conduct extensive customer focus groups or sales trials before launching our sales and marketing initiatives companywide.  As a result, our sales and marketing initiatives may not adequately respond to our competitors' sales and marketing initiatives or meet customer expectations or demands. Additionally, our marketing or promotional initiatives can result in significant expenses and in the end the initiatives may not result in the acquisition of new customers or the retention of customers beyond the promotion.  If we are unable to respond quickly enough or effectively to new marketing and sales initiatives launched by our competitors, we could experience lower sales, lower revenues, increased churn, and decreased profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.  Further, our business model is premised on achieving and maintaining a low cost structure, of which one component is centralizing certain sales and marketing activities and designing and implementing major sales and marketing efforts across all of the metropolitan areas we serve.  Such centralization of our marketing efforts may allow our competitors to offer local or regional marketing initiatives and promotions to which we do not or cannot effectively respond. \n Our inability to increase, maintain or strengthen our brands and brand awareness may reduce our ability to attract and retain customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We historically have spent less on advertising than the four largest nationwide broadband wireless mobile service providers, cable companies, and others with whom we compete for customers.  With increased competition in the wireless telecommunications industry, in particular for unlimited, paid-in-advance services for a flat rate, we believe marketing and promotional activities are, and will remain, critical to the success of the business and a strong brand and brand awareness are an essential part of our marketing activities. Developing, promoting and maintaining our brand and brand awareness require consistent capital investment and expense and there can be no assurance that this investment in our brand and brand awareness or the promotion of our brand and brand awareness will be successful.  If we fail to develop, promote and maintain a strong brand and image, or our efforts to promote our brands and increase our brand awareness are unsuccessful, it could reduce our ability to attract and retain customers which could lead to greater churn, lower growth, reduced revenues, and lower profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may face additional competition from existing or new entrants as a result of future governmental allocations or reallocations of spectrum, future FCC auctions of spectrum and/or through legislative change or actions by the FCC allowing the development of new products and services by existing competitors and allowing other non-telecommunications businesses to enter the industry. \n The FCC in the past has taken, and may in the future take, steps to make additional spectrum available for wireless services. Any auction and licensing of new spectrum, or relaxation of requirements on or flexibility with respect to existing spectrum licenses, may result in new competitors and/or allow existing competitors to acquire additional, or make use of existing, spectrum, which could allow them to offer services competitive with our services or offer services that we may not be able to offer, or offer on a competitive basis, with the licenses we hold due to technological or economic constraints.  For example, in March 2010, the FCC released its National Broadband Plan which recommends that the FCC make available 500 MHz of spectrum for broadband wireless services within the next ten years of which 300 MHz is recommended to be made newly available for mobile use within five years.  Of this 300 MHz of spectrum, 70 MHz is recommended to come through the auction of allocated, but unassigned spectrum.  In addition, 110 MHz is recommended to become available through the revision of existing technical and service rules for wireless communication services, or WCS, and mobile satellite services.  Further, 120 MHz of spectrum may become available from digital television broadcasters through an incentive auction. The FCC recently has adopted changes to the existing technical and services rules for WCS, which may make it more usable to provide services competitive with our services. The FCC also recently adopted a co-primary terrestrial allocation for 40 MHz of mobile satellite services and granted such businesses additional flexibility to lease spectrum under spectrum manager lease arrangements.   This 40 MHz of spectrum has been purchased out of bankruptcy by a major satellite services provider, and the transfer of this spectrum, along with a number of FCC rule waivers, is awaiting FCC approval.  If FCC approval is granted, this satellite provider will have the ability to offer terrestrial wireless services that may compete with the services we offer, which may have a material adverse effect on our business.  In addition, Congress recently passed legislation which would require the FCC to auction and license up to 65 MHz of spectrum, including AWS-3 and up to 15 MHz of AWS-2, by early 2015. \n The FCC also has taken actions, and may take further actions, to impose new construction requirements on broadband spectrum licenses.  For example, the revision of the WCS requirements has been, and mobile satellite service rules may be, coupled with more stringent build out requirements.  And, as it did in approving a transaction involving satellite service provider SkyTerra (now known as LightSquared), the Commission may condition its approval of a license transfer by requiring the acquirer to meet new stringent ancillary terrestrial coverage requirements and other conditions.  Stringent construction requirements could be detrimental to us by fostering increased competition at an earlier date.  Also, the FCC has taken, and in the future may take, regulatory actions designed to provide greater capacity and flexibility to other licensees, including our competitors, and could allow companies that are not currently our competitors to offer competing products and services.  In addition, some companies in non-telecommunications businesses, including cable, energy  and utility companies, also are expanding their services to offer communications and broadband services. Moreover, some companies in non-regulated portions of the telecommunications business, such as Internet search engine companies, are offering products and services that compete with our more highly regulated services.  Some of these companies are offering these services using unlicensed spectrum.  We cannot control most of these factors and the continuing consolidation and resulting economies of scale and access to greater resources by our competitors and additional competition could result in lower growth, reduced revenues, increased churn and lower profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The continuing consolidation in the wireless industry through mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures is creating increased competition and marketing initiatives. Joint ventures, mergers and strategic alliances in the wireless industry have resulted in, and if the trend continues, will continue to foster, larger competitors competing for a limited number of customers. Currently, two of the largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers serve in excess of 60% of all wireless customers in the industry and may have dominant market power. The two largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers currently also earn a significant portion of all earnings related to wireless services, and hold commanding spectrum positions, which give them the ability to dominate the wireless market through exclusive handset arrangements and otherwise.  In addition, the refusal of these dominant carriers to provide roaming services on reasonable terms further gives them even more dominant market power for wireless broadband mobile services. In addition, one of the largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers recently announced the execution of a definitive agreement to acquire 20 MHz of AWS spectrum in most metropolitan areas in the United States along with another definitive agreement to acquire additional spectrum in a number of the same metropolitan areas.  With the increased competition and with the effect of the aggregate penetration of wireless services in all markets, which has made it more difficult to attract and retain customers, our operating results could be adversely affected by such larger competitors with greater resources and means to compete and our ability to grow may be hindered. \n We may be unable to successfully develop and profitably incorporate wireless data services into our service offerings in the future. \n Wireless broadband mobile data services are increasingly becoming a meaningful component of many wireless broadband mobile carriers' strategies and financial results.  Considerable demand has been shown for high-speed data services offered by other carriers. The largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers have invested (and we expect will continue to invest) significant resources to develop and deliver these new data services to their customers. As market prices for wireless voice services continue to decline, if we are unable to offer such new data services or offer such services on competitive terms, we may not have sufficient revenue to offset the decline in wireless voice revenues. Similarly, as customers increasingly demand wireless broadband mobile data services as part of the core feature set of their wireless services, the failure to offer such services or offer them on a competitive basis with our competitors could reduce sales and increase churn. Currently, we offer certain limited wireless data services that are not as robust as those offered by some of our competitors and may never be and we do not offer certain wireless data services offered by our competitors, such as services for tablets and laptop computers. \n While we anticipate that our 4G LTE network will have sufficient capacity to meet our anticipated needs of our customers for the services we currently offer or intend to offer to our customers in the near term, we have limited experience with our customers' demands for high-speed data services, as well as the number of customers for such services or the effect of any new services that we may plan to launch in the future on our networks. In addition, unless we secure additional spectrum, we may not offer certain wireless data services our customers may desire and demand.  In order for our 4G LTE deployment to be successful, we will need to design and implement new data sales and marketing initiatives, including new services to support our deployment of 4G LTE.  In addition, we have not and may not gain access to certain of the handsets, operating systems, applications or proprietary data content available to our competitors. If we are unable in the future to successfully incorporate the most advanced wireless data services, including certain 4G LTE technologies, into our service offerings or gain access to popular applications and content, our customer additions and ARPU could decrease and our churn could increase. Third party studies suggest that, while the volume of mobile data users will increase exponentially in the future, the profitability of such services will decline or evaporate and as a result we may be unable to maintain or improve our ARPU or our margins. We also could experience higher than anticipated usage of our CDMA and 4G LTE services that could result in not meeting customer \n expectations in connection with the performance of our CDMA or 4G LTE services.  As a result, we may be required to spend additional capital to increase the capacity of our CDMA and 4G LTE networks or purchase additional spectrum or limit usage by our customers of CDMA and 4G LTE services.  Since we have limited spectrum in some of our metropolitan areas, we may be unable to meet customer demand for service, which may lead to us having to limit service in those metropolitan areas, limit the handsets sold or limit usage or applications usable by customers, adopt tiered pricing service plans or lower our prices, or engage in network management technologies and practices our customers may not want or like.  If we are unable to meet the customer demand for our CDMA and 4G LTE data services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Additionally, certain of our content contracts currently have, and future content contracts may have, minimum purchase commitments or require us to purchase content exclusively from a single provider. If we fail to accurately predict the type and amount of content our customers will demand or prefer, it could result in excess costs and expenses we cannot recover from our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We do not develop or manufacture any products and are dependent on the development of products, content, applications and services by third parties for the products, content, applications and services we have deployed, including access to most data, music and video content, applications, and access to new handsets to deliver these advanced services.  As a distributor and not a manufacturer of products, content and applications, we do not control the availability, retail price, design, function, quality, reliability, customer service or branding of these products, content, applications and services, nor do we directly control all of the marketing and promotion of these products and services. Thus the decisions of these third parties could negatively impact our ability to market and sell our products and services, our business plans and reputation.  Further, if we are unable to obtain access to such services, content, or applications, incorporate such services, content, or applications into our service offerings, or purchase handsets, applications, content or services from third parties at a reasonable cost and on a timely basis in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. For example, we launched Rhapsody in our markets in mid-2011 which requires us to license music and other intellectual property rights of third parties. We cannot guarantee that these licenses will remain available on commercially reasonable terms or at all as our licensing arrangements with these third parties are generally short-term. Thus, our inability to offer customers a wide variety of content at reasonable costs could limit the success of this product. \n We may have difficulty meeting the demands placed on our network by data products. \n We are increasingly selling, and may in the future sell even larger numbers of, handsets and devices, such as devices using the Android operating system, services and content that are placing, and may in the future place, a higher demand on our existing CDMA and 4G LTE networks than handsets, services and content we have historically sold.  We may not be able to satisfy the demands that these devices, services and content placed on our network, we may not be able to profitably provide the data services used by these devices, and these devices, services and content may cause network congestion, network management and other issues with respect to our existing customers.  We predominately offer data services using 1xRTT CDMA while most of our competitors use EVDO or other technologies which offer higher data speeds.  In addition, because of our limited bandwidths for 4G LTE, our 4G LTE data speeds will not be as fast as those competitors who as using wider channels to offer 4G LTE or other high speed services.  As a result, customers may not find our data services as attractive as those of our competitors.  If we are unable to satisfy the demands of these new devices, services and content on our existing CDMA and 4G LTE networks, we may be unable to offer these services profitably, or these devices, services and content may cause network congestion and issues with respect to our existing customers such that we may lose customers and may have difficulty attracting new customers.  In addition, in order to meet the capacity demands of these new devices, services and content for data usage we may be required to spend significant capital to build additional network capacity, lease additional sites, build additional DAS systems, purchase additional spectrum, redeploy spectrum from 4G LTE to CDMA or EVDO, or undertake other expenses which could increase our costs.   These demands also may require us to engage in network management technologies and practices which customers may find undesirable.  All of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our operations require continued capital expenditures and a failure to make such capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our business strategy involves expanding into and competing in major metropolitan areas, all of which have significant established competition from other providers.  To compete effectively, we must continue to upgrade and enhance our network and services.  If we fail to do so, or our customers or potential customers develop a perception that our services are not on par with our competitors, it could reduce our growth or increase our churn.  As a result, we have invested, and expect to continue to invest a significant amount of capital in the future to, construct, maintain, upgrade and operate our network, billing, customer care and information systems, to implement our business plans, including our 4G LTE network, and to support future growth of \n our wireless business.  We cannot give any assurance that we will make such future capital expenditures, or that our future capital expenditures will generate a positive return, or that we will have adequate capital available to finance future upgrades and enhancements to our network.  Further, our funding needs may increase if we pursue other opportunities such as spectrum acquisitions, whether through government auctions or through acquisitions from third parties, acquisitions of assets or other strategic transactions, expansion into new or further geographic expansion, or upgrading our network to new technology. \n Historically, we have been able to finance our needs and service our debt from cash internally generated from our operations and various debt and equity offerings.  Our success and viability therefore will depend on our ability to maintain and increase revenues and to raise additional capital, when and if needed, on reasonable terms.  We may not have the cash or be able to arrange additional financing, whether debt, equity or otherwise, to fund our future needs on terms acceptable to us or at all.  In addition, upon the occurrence of a change of control event, we may be required to repurchase or repay a significant portion of our outstanding debt. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facility, will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our working capital and other liquidity needs, or at all.   Further, as our operations grow, it may be more difficult to adapt and modify our business plan based on the availability of funding. \n If our current cash and excess internally generated cash flows are insufficient for our current and future needs or to service our debt, we may be forced to sell additional equity, seek additional debt financing, borrow additional amounts under our existing senior secured credit facility or other credit facilities, refinance our existing indebtedness, sell markets, spectrum or our business, curb or moderate our growth, or delay certain of our planned expansion or other initiatives, additions of capacity, and technological advances.  However, our senior secured credit facility and indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. While our senior secured credit facility includes a presently undrawn revolving line of credit that is to be funded by a number of commercial and investment banks, worldwide economic conditions, a banking crisis, or tightening capital markets, may affect whether our lenders honor, or are able to honor, their commitments to fund our revolving line of credit should we need to draw on such line of credit.  Our ability to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our credit ratings, the prospects for our business, our leverage, financial and operating performance, general economic, financial, legislative and regulatory conditions, competitive practices, consumer credit conditions, consumer confidence, unemployment rates and prevailing capital market conditions. Many of these factors are beyond our control.  If we incur significant additional indebtedness, or if we do not continue to generate sufficient cash from our operations, our credit ratings could be adversely affected, which would likely increase our future borrowing costs and could affect our ability to access additional capital. \n Failure to obtain suitable financing when needed could, among other things, result in our inability to continue to expand our businesses as planned or to meet competitive challenges; reduction in growth; forego strategic opportunities; delay and/or reduce network deployments, upgrades, and capital expenditures, operations, spectrum acquisitions and investments; and restructure or refinance our indebtedness prior to maturity or sell additional equity or seek additional debt financing, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, and on an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness. \n We may be unable to acquire additional spectrum in the future at a reasonable cost or at all. \n Because we primarily offer predominately unlimited calling and data services for a flat rate, our customers tend, on average, to use our services more than the customers of other wireless broadband mobile carriers. We believe that the average minutes of use and data usage of our customers may continue to rise. We anticipate we will need to acquire additional spectrum in order to continue our customer growth, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands or to allow the deployment of new technologies. There is no assurance that additional spectrum will be made available by Congress or the FCC, through auction or otherwise, on a timely basis, on terms and conditions or under service rules that we consider to be suitable for our commercial uses, or be compatible with existing spectrum, or that we will be able to acquire additional spectrum from the FCC or from third parties at a reasonable cost or at all. Furthermore, the continued aggregation of spectrum by the largest nationwide carriers who, in the past, generally have been disinclined to divest spectrum in secondary market transactions, may reduce our ability to acquire spectrum from other carriers.  In addition, the FCC may impose conditions on the use of new wireless broadband mobile spectrum, such as heightened build-out requirements, limited renewal rights, clearing obligations, or open access requirements that may make it less attractive to, or less economical for, us to acquire such spectrum. Further, the FCC may refuse to recognize an acquisition and transfer of spectrum licenses from others or our investments in other license holders. If additional spectrum is unavailable on reasonable terms and conditions when needed, unavailable at a reasonable cost, or unavailable without conditions that impose significant costs or restrictions on us, we may not be able to continue to increase our customer base, meet the requirements of our customers' usage of our services or to offer new services and as a result we could lose customers or revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.  Finally, Congress recently enacted legislation that prohibits the FCC from limiting participation in auctions \n unless it does so through a general rulemaking.  This provision may circumscribe the FCC's ability to limit eligibility on an auction by auction basis.  If the FCC does not adopt a rulemaking limiting eligibility for the auction of new spectrum, we may have difficulty acquiring such spectrum for prices we can afford, or at all. \n Further, if we participate in a future FCC auction for additional spectrum, the FCC anti-collusion rules place certain restrictions on business communications and disclosures by participants in an FCC auction. These anti-collusion rules may restrict the normal conduct of our business and/or disclosures relating to an FCC auction, which historically have lasted between three to six months or more. These restrictions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may undertake mergers, acquisitions or strategic transactions that could result in operating difficulties, dilution and distraction from our business. \n We may in the future expand our business, the markets in which we operate or the services provided, through the acquisition of selected spectrum or operating markets from other telecommunication service providers, the acquisition of additional spectrum from FCC auctions or auctions in other countries or from third parties, the acquisition of other telecommunication service providers or through business combinations or other strategic transactions. Any such transactions can entail risk, may not be consummated, may require a disproportionate amount of our management and financial resources, may require us to sell additional equity or debt, may divert management's attention, and may create various operating difficulties and expenditures, among which may include: \n • uncertain revenues and expenses, including difficulty in achieving projected synergies, with the result that we may not realize the growth in revenues, anticipated cost structure, profitability, or return on investment that we expect; \n • difficulty integrating the acquired business, technologies, services, spectrum, products, operations and personnel of the acquired businesses while maintaining uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; \n • difficulty converting customers to or retaining customers with our network, services, customer care and billing platforms; \n • disruption of ongoing business; \n • impact on our cash and available credit lines for use in financing future growth and working capital needs; \n • obligations imposed on us by counterparties in such transactions that limit our ability to obtain additional financing, our ability to compete in geographic areas or specific lines of business, or other aspects of our operational flexibility; \n • increasing cost and complexity of assuring the implementation and maintenance of adequate internal control and disclosure controls and procedures, and of obtaining the reports and attestations required under the Exchange Act; \n • loss of or inability to attract and retain key personnel; \n • delayed implementation of services, products and technology pending any regulatory approval of such transaction; \n • impairment of relationships with employees, customers or vendors; \n • difficulties in consolidating and preparing our financial statements due to poor accounting records, weak financial controls and, in some cases, procedures at acquired entities not based on U.S. GAAP; \n • changes to our business, our distribution strategies, our business model or our service plans; \n • inability to predict or anticipate market developments and capital commitments relating to the transaction; and \n • with respect to any spectrum acquisition in a foreign country, difficulties and expenditures associated with operating in a foreign jurisdiction. \n The anticipated benefit to us of any strategic transaction, acquisition or merger may never materialize or may materialize more slowly than anticipated. Future investments, acquisitions, dispositions, or similar arrangements could result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the reduction in our cash reserves, the incurrence of additional debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Additionally, our expected growth and any acquisitions or business combinations will also require stringent control of costs, diligent management of our network infrastructure and our growth, increased capital requirements, increased costs associated with marketing activities, the attraction and retention of qualified management, technical and sales personnel, the training and management of new personnel, and the design and implementation of financial and management controls. Our growth will, and any acquisitions or business combinations may, challenge the capacity and abilities of existing employees and future employees \n at all levels of our business and the controls and systems we have implemented. Failure to successfully manage our growth and development or any acquisitions or business combinations could increase our costs and adversely affect our level of service, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our business strategy may not succeed in the long term. \n Our business strategy historically has been to offer predominately unlimited wireless broadband mobile services predominately on a paid-in-advance basis for flat monthly rates without requiring a long-term service contract or a credit check.  While we anticipate we will continue our strategy for the future, our service plans may not continue to meet our customers' or potential customers' needs or demands, competitive offers could prove to be unprofitable in the long term, or could prove to be unsuccessful in the long term. A number of other wireless broadband mobile carriers, resellers and MVNOs are offering, and in the future may offer, services plans similar to, or competitive with, our service plans with more extensive geographic coverage than ours, better brand awareness, lower prices, more features, greater speeds, more handset or device selections, greater or different distribution channels, and other differentiating features.  If our business strategy is unsuccessful, we may be forced to alter our product and service offerings, distribution strategies, operating methods and processes, cost structure and geographic focus, which could lead to lower revenues, higher expenses, lower profitability, and other adverse financial or operational consequences, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We plan for a certain amount of and type of usage from our customers and a certain mix of customers on our service plans.  If we have a disproportionate number of our customers on our lower priced service plans, if our customers do not purchase our service plans in the mix we anticipate, if we lower our prices to remain competitive, or if our customers use more services, such as data, roaming, domestic or international long distance, that we provide or purchase from third parties than we anticipate, it could result in lower revenues, higher expenses, lower profitability, and other adverse financial or operational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. \n From time to time, we evaluate our products, service offerings and the demands of our target customers and may, as a result, amend, change, discontinue or adjust our products and service offerings or initiate or offer new permanent, trial or promotional product or service offerings. These new or changed product and service offerings may not meet customer demands, competitive offers, or may not succeed in the long term, or may not be as profitable as our current offerings.  These new or changed product and service offerings may result in reduced revenues, increased expenses, lower profitability, and other adverse financial or operational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our tax inclusive plans make us susceptible to increases in taxes and regulatory fees. \n We offer service plans that include applicable taxes and regulatory fees for a flat fee and, as a result, we assume the risk of any change in taxes and regulatory fees.  The government and regulatory agencies may increase the taxes and regulatory fees applicable or payable on our services and we may be at a greater risk from such increases because of budget shortfalls and regulatory policies.  We do not have any control over changes in tax rates, laws, regulations or rulings, or federal and state tax assessments. If the government or regulatory agencies increase the taxes or regulatory fees that are attributable to our services, or change the services on which such taxes or regulatory fees are to be paid, or change the methodology used to attribute revenues in a broadband service plan to its various constituent services, it could increase our costs and negatively impact the profitability of our services.  In addition, if we attempted to pass through such increased taxes and regulatory fees to our customers, we could experience increased churn, decreased revenues, or fewer customer additions. If we experience lower profitability, lower margins, increased churn, decreased revenues or lower sales, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n A failure to meet the demands of our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Customer demand for our products and services are impacted by numerous factors including, but not limited to: \n • the different types of products and services offered and the prices and range of service plans and products; \n • service content, features, data speeds, technology, coverage, compatible handset options, distribution, service areas, network operability and quality; \n • customer perceptions; \n • competitive offers; and \n • customer care levels. \n Managing these factors and customers' expectations of these factors is essential in attracting and retaining customers.  We continually incur capital expenditures and operating expenses in order to improve and enhance our products and services to remain competitive and to keep up with our customer demand, which include capital expenditures and expenses to expand the capacity and coverage of our network, to replace or migrate to new technology platforms, vendors or services, to enhance or upgrade our networks, including capital expenditures and expenses to upgrade to future generation technologies, to purchase additional spectrum and necessary infrastructure equipment, to implement new or different services, service plans, handsets and related accessories to meet customer needs, and to secure the necessary governmental approvals and renewals of our licenses necessary for our operations.  Delays or failure to improve and enhance our products and services and expand the capacity of and upgrade our network to remain competitive and to keep up with our customer demand, could limit our ability to meet our customer demands or customer expectations.  Further, even if we improve and enhance our products and services and expand the capacity of and upgrade our network, there can be no assurance that our existing customers will not switch to another wireless provider or that we will be able to attract new customers.  If we are unable to meet our customer demands or customer expectations, including providing customers with a reliable and compatible network and devices, or manage our sales, distribution, advertising, customer support, billing and collection, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers, which could increase our churn and operating costs, lower customer additions, and decrease our revenue, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Similarly, if our vendors deliver new products and services that do not work or work as anticipated, fail to meet customer expectations, or fail to operate properly, we may not receive revenue on our investment in such new products and services.  For example, if a 4G LTE handset is lacking in certain features that our customers expect or the handset does not have the battery life or operating system our customers demand, our existing and potential customers may not purchase the handsets. Further, we presently provide limited subsidies for handsets to our customers, so the price of the handset may also reduce the demand for the handsets and we will incur an expense equal to the difference between the price we pay for the handset and the price we receive from the customer. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may not be successful in continuing to grow our customer base. \n Our business plan assumes continued growth in our customer base.  Our ability to grow our customer base and achieve the customer penetration levels that we currently believe are possible with our business model in our markets is subject to a number of risks, all of which we do not control, including: \n • customer demand for our products and services and our inability to meet those customer expectations and demands; \n • our ability, or our supplier's ability, to obtain or offer and provide products or services which our current or prospective customers demand, want, expect or need, or for prices that they are willing to pay; \n • increased competition from existing competitors or new competitors; \n • our ability to differentiate our products and services from the products and services offered by our competitors; \n • higher than anticipated churn in our markets or lower than anticipated gross adds in our markets; \n • our ability to increase our network capacity, or maintain network reliability, in areas we currently serve to keep up with and meet increasing customer demand; \n • our ability to upgrade our network in the future to provide services that our customers wants or demand; \n • our ability to offer competitive data services; \n • limitations in our customer service, billing and other systems; \n • our ability to manage inventory and adequately forecast our inventory needs, such as handset quantity, quality and type; \n • our ability to provide service in areas or provided applications or content demanded by our current and prospective customers; \n • our ability to attract and retain indirect agents and dealers for our products and services; \n • our ability to increase the relevant coverage areas in our existing markets, to expand our roaming arrangements to areas that are important to our customers or to allow us to offer services at rates which are attractive to our current and prospective customers; \n • our ability to maintain our desired average revenue per user (ARPU); \n • our ability to achieve projected penetration rates in the various metropolitan areas due to market saturation or competition; \n • our ability to reach suitable roaming agreements or reasonable roaming rates with desired roaming partners; \n • our ability to manage the rate of voice minutes and data usage; \n • unfavorable United States economic conditions, which may have a disproportionately negative impact on certain portions of our customer base including an impact on their ability to buy new handsets or pay for our services; \n • changes in the demographics of our markets; and \n • adverse changes in the legislative and regulatory environment that may limit our ability to differentiate our services or grow our customer base. \n If we are unable to grow our customer base at the levels we project, or achieve the aggregate levels of customer penetration that we currently believe are possible with our business model, it could limit our ability to achieve additional economies of scale, and to repay our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our business is seasonal and our operating results for future periods will be affected negatively if we fail to have strong customer growth in the first and fourth quarters. \n Our customer activity is influenced by seasonal effects related to traditional retail selling periods and other factors that arise from our target customer base.  Based on historical results, we generally expect the net customer additions to be strongest in the first and fourth quarters. Softening of sales and increased customer turnover, or churn, in the second and third calendar quarters of the year usually combine to result in fewer net customer additions.  However, sales activity and churn can be strongly affected by the launch of new and surrounding metropolitan areas, by the introduction of new price plans, by promotional activity, by competition in the industry, and by existing economic conditions, all of which can reduce or outweigh certain seasonal effects.  If we fail to meet our expectations for customer additions in the first or fourth quarter, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results for future periods. \n Failing to manage our churn rate or experiencing a higher rate of customer turnover than we have forecasted could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our customers do not have long-term contracts and can discontinue their service at any time without penalty or advance notice to us.  Our rate of customer churn can be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: \n • network issues, including network coverage, network reliability, technology upgrades, data speeds, network capacity, network technology, network responsiveness, network congestion and network availability; \n • poor call quality, lack of in-building coverage and dropped and blocked calls; \n • limitations in our customer service, billing and other systems; \n • geographic coverage, including roaming coverage, for all our services, including 4G LTE, at affordable rates, which has historically been less extensive than our competitors; \n • affordability and unfavorable United States economic conditions, which may have a disproportionately negative impact on certain portions of our customer base including an impact on their ability to buy new handsets or pay for our services; \n • supplier or vendor failures; \n • customer perceptions of, demand for, and our prices for, our products, services, content, applications and offerings; \n • customer care concerns, including reliance on automated customer service solutions that do not provide customers with the personal attention they desire; \n • our ability to differentiate our products and services from our competitors; \n • our ability to offer products including smartphones, tablets, connected devices, services, content, applications and data services, with features, applications, content, and operating systems, that our customers expect, want or demand; \n • our rate of growth; \n • our rate plans, distribution model, and incentives to our direct dealers and agents; \n • handset, application, and content selection and related issues, including lack of access, or early access, to the newest handsets, innovative wireless applications, and content, and handset prices and handset problems, including greater demand by our customers; \n • the types, make-up and nature of our service plans and our marketing and promotional offers; \n • wireless number portability requirements that allow customers to keep their wireless phone numbers when switching between service providers; \n • our inability to offer bundled services or services offered by our competitors; and \n • competition and competitive offers by other wireless broadband mobile service providers. \n We cannot assure you that our churn will be consistent with the levels we have achieved historically or that our strategies to address customer churn will be successful.  In addition, we may not be able to profitably replace customers who leave our service or replace them at all.  If we experience a churn rate higher than we expect, or fail to replace lost customers, we could experience reduced revenues and increased marketing costs to attract replacement customers, which could reduce our profit margin and profitability, and could reduce the cash available to construct and operate new metropolitan areas, to expand coverage and capacity in existing metropolitan areas, or to upgrade our networks to new technologies, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may not successfully manage our handset inventories to meet the demands of our customers. \n Our marketing and purchasing personnel are required to coordinate their activities to ensure that our distribution channels have adequate sales stock of handsets and other ancillary products to support our sales and marketing initiatives. Management of inventory balances requires accurate forecasting of customer growth and demand. We from time to time enter into purchase commitments related to the supply of our handsets based on such forecasting, historical purchasing trends and current customer demands and expectations.  If we fail to predict and maintain an adequate sales stock of the appropriate model and type of handsets to meet the demands and preferences of our customers and to support our sales and marketing initiatives, we could have excess customer demand for handsets with only a limited supply or an excess supply of handsets for which we have limited or no demand.  Additionally, if we misjudge consumer preferences or demands or future sales do not reach forecasted levels, we could have excess inventory that could not be sold easily.  Further, if we do not have the handsets our customers want, we could fail to meet our customer's demands, resulting in lost sales opportunities. Any failure to manage and control our supply inventories, including our purchase commitments, could lead to lower growth, decreased revenues, increased churn, decreased profitability, and could result in significant write-offs of inventory, inventory sold at prices lower than expected, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n We may not be able to respond to the rapid technological changes occurring in the wireless industry. \n The wireless telecommunications industry has been, and we believe will continue to be, characterized by significant and rapid technological change, including the rapid development and introduction of new technologies, products, and services, such as voice-over Internet protocol, or VoIP, push-to-talk services, location-based services, such as global positioning satellite, or GPS, mapping technology, social networking services, and high speed data services, including streaming audio, streaming video, mobile gaming, mobile banking, music and file downloads, advertisement paid services, video conferencing and other applications. In order to be successful, we must anticipate these trends and develop new products, services, applications and content in a timely manner.  We cannot give any assurance that we will be able to do so.  Further, these technological advances, evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in the capacity and the quality of digital technology, such as the implementation and development of 3G technology, wideband technologies such as WiFi which do not rely on FCC-licensed spectrum, the development of 4G technology, such as 4G LTE or WiMax, and the development of data and broadband capabilities, could cause the technology used by us on our wireless broadband mobile network to become less competitive or obsolete. This technology is driven by the prevalence of electronic mail, web applications, content (including streaming audio and video) and non-voice communications, which may reduce the demand for some of our products and services. Additionally, VoIP is an emerging technological trend that could result in a decrease in demand for switched telephone services, such as those we currently provide.  The resulting technological development of WiFi or WiMax enabled handsets permitting customers to communicate using voice and data services with their handset using this VoIP technology in any area equipped with a wireless Internet connection, or hot spots, could potentially allow more carriers to offer larger bundles of minutes, or unlimited services, while retaining low prices and the ability to offer attractive roaming rates. The number of hot spots in the U.S. is growing rapidly, with some major cities and urban areas approaching universal coverage.  Further, the development of new equipment, such as femtocells, could allow our competitors to offer increased usage without increased cost thus reducing our cost advantage. As a result, competitors using more traditional and commercially proven technological advances to provide service or using more efficient, less expensive technologies (including those not yet developed), may have a competitive advantage \n over us by retaining and increasing their customer base, realizing certain economies of scale, and receiving greater support from equipment and other manufacturers.  As the CDMA infrastructure of our network becomes less popular or obsolete, the cost of compatible equipment and technology may also increase and we may also be subject to significant write-offs or changes in estimated useful life and we may have difficulty securing upgrades and improvements in such equipment when needed. \n Our continued success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate or adapt to these and future technological changes and to offer, on a timely basis, products, services, applications and content that meet our customer demands.  For us to keep pace with these technological changes and remain competitive, we may continue to make significant capital expenditures in our networks, acquire additional spectrum, and design and offer new products, services, applications and content. Customer acceptance of the products, applications, content, and services that we offer will continually be affected by technology-based differences in our product and service offerings and those offered by our competitors.  We cannot assure you that we will obtain access to new technology on a timely basis, on satisfactory terms, or on our spectrum, or that we will have adequate spectrum, or be able to acquire additional spectrum, or able to add capacity to our networks, to offer new services or implement new technologies. If we do not offer these applications, content, or services, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers. Further, we cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. We also cannot be certain that the choices we make regarding technology and new service offerings will prove to be successful in the marketplace or will achieve their intended results. All of these factors could lead to decreased growth, decreased revenues, increased churn, and decreased profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are dependent on certain network technology improvements, which may not occur or may be materially delayed. \n Most national wireless broadband mobile carriers have greater spectrum capacity than we do that can be used to support 3G and 4G services. These national wireless broadband mobile carriers currently are investing substantial capital to deploy the necessary equipment to deliver 3G or 4G enhanced services, and have invested in additional spectrum to deliver 4G LTE services.  The national wireless broadband mobile carriers in many instances on average have more spectrum in each of the metropolitan areas in which we operate, or plan to operate, which may increase further if the recently announced acquisition by one of the largest national wireless broadband mobile carrier of an additional 20 MHz of spectrum in most major metropolitan areas is approved by the FCC and is consummated, and may have spectrum with better propagation characteristics than our spectrum.  We have deployed and are selling 4G LTE services in all of our major metropolitan areas, but because of the limited amount of spectrum available to us, we have deployed 4G LTE in selected metropolitan areas on 1.4, 3 and 5 MHz channels, which may be smaller channels than our competitors use for offering 4G LTE. Due to our limited spectrum, our networks have limited capacity and continued capacity increases in our metropolitan areas will require engineering solutions, which may not work as anticipated, or which may take longer to deploy than anticipated. As a result, we are dependent on technology improvements to continue to grow and service the demands of our customers.  We currently are dependent on a limited number of infrastructure and equipment providers to assist us in the development and deployment of our 4G LTE network and to manufacture equipment for use on our network. \n Our limited spectrum may require us to lease more cell sites to provide equivalent service, spend greater capital compared to our competitors, deploy more expensive network equipment, such as six-sector antennas, make more extensive use of DAS systems, deploy equipment sooner, redeploy spectrum from 4G LTE to CDMA or EVDO, require us to be more reliant on traffic management tools and solutions, or make us more dependent on technological development, than our competitors. There can be no assurance that we can lease adequate tower sites or additional spectrum, have access to DAS systems, or that our suppliers will undertake the necessary and timely technological developments. Moreover, our 4G LTE technology may not perform as expected or deliver the quality and types of services or performance we expect. Further, as a result of increased use of our CDMA networks, we may be required to reduce the amount of spectrum used for 4G LTE in order to increase the capacity of our existing CDMA networks. Further, we may be required to deploy solutions that we may need to replace in our network prior to being able to fully depreciate such solutions, which could require us to take write-offs.  We cannot assure you that necessary quantities of equipment and compatible devices will be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or will operate on our network or will provide the customer with the quality and quantity of features desired, nor that when delivered such equipment and devices will be at cost-effective prices. \n If the anticipated 4G LTE technology improvements are not achieved, or are not achieved in the projected timeframes, or at the costs we anticipate or can afford, or are not developed by our existing suppliers, we may not have adequate spectrum in certain metropolitan areas, which may limit our ability to increase our customer base, may inhibit our ability to achieve additional economies of scale, may limit our ability to offer certain products and services offered by our competitors, may require us to spend considerably more capital and incur more operating expenses than our competitors with more spectrum, and may force us to purchase additional spectrum at a potentially material cost. If our network infrastructure vendors do not supply such improvements, or materially delay the delivery of such improvements, and other network equipment manufacturers are able to develop such technology, we may be at a material competitive disadvantage to our competitors and we may have higher \n costs or be required to change network infrastructure vendors, which would result in lost time and expense. Further, our 4G LTE expansion may result in the degradation of our existing services. There can be no assurance that our 4G LTE services will meet customer expectations, provide wireless broadband mobile data service on a profitable basis, that we will be able to enter into roaming arrangements for 3G/4G services on economical terms or at all, or that vendors will develop and make available to companies of our size popular applications and handsets with features, functionality and pricing desired by customers. These risks could reduce our customer growth, increase our costs of providing services and increase our churn, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We also are planning to utilize Voice over Long Term Evolution, or VoLTE, technology to improve efficiency in the integration of voice and data services over our LTE networks, but we are dependent upon equipment manufacturers to develop and deploy this advanced voice technology on a timely cost-effective basis. \n The success of our business is dependent on the development of products compatible with the services deployed by us. \n We do not develop or manufacture any products and are dependent on the development of products, content, applications and services by third parties for the services and technology we have deployed and provide on our spectrum.  Two of our national wireless broadband mobile competitors acquired a significant portion of the 700 MHz spectrum auctioned by the FCC.  We hold a 700 MHz license which is in a different spectrum block than the 700 MHz licenses being developed by the two largest national wireless broadband mobile competitors, which presents certain risks because some equipment manufacturers are focusing their 700 MHz equipment development efforts on the channel blocks held by and/or being developed by the major carriers, and the 700 MHz equipment made by these manufacturers may not be cross-compatible for use on the 700 MHz channel block we hold.  As a result, we may be unable to use, or may be materially delayed in using, our 700 MHz spectrum. And, we may have higher costs for devices and equipment for our 700 MHz spectrum and the prospects for both inbound and outbound roaming may be limited on 700 MHz spectrum. Further, we are deploying 4G LTE on PCS and AWS spectrum so unless our customer's handsets are capable of using the 700 MHz spectrum on which our competitors are deploying 4G LTE, our customers will not be able to roam on our competitors' networks for 4G LTE services assuming we are successful in obtaining roaming arrangements with such competitors. \n We have elected to deploy 4G LTE on our AWS and PCS spectrum.  Several of our competitors have publicly indicated that they plan to deploy, and at least one has deployed, 4G LTE on 700 MHz spectrum.  There can be no assurance that other licensees, including the national wireless broadband mobile carriers, will not delay or ultimately not deploy 4G LTE on AWS and PCS spectrum.  If other wireless broadband mobile licensees, including the large national wireless broadband mobile carriers, do not deploy 4G LTE on AWS and PCS, we may have to pay higher prices for the products that we sell to our customers due to the limited number of users, we may not have products available to us at all, or such products may be limited in nature and not have the features and functions our customers expect or demand, and our customers may have limited roaming.  In addition, such limitation could result in less technological development on network equipment that we use to offer 4G LTE services, delays in any available technological developments and we could be forced to pay higher prices for any such technological development.  In addition, we are dependent on the national wireless broadband carriers continuing to deploy handsets and handset operating systems to which we have access.  If the national wireless broadband carriers choose to deploy proprietary handsets or proprietary handset operating systems in lieu of, or substantially in lieu of, handsets and handset operating systems to which we have access, we could experience higher prices for handsets and development of applications for the handsets and handset operating systems we deploy may lag the development on other handsets and handset operating systems. Further any handsets and handset operating systems that we deploy may lag behind the development of other handsets and handset operating systems with which we compete, or may not be developed at all.  If we are unable to secure the necessary products at prices which will allow us to be competitive with other carriers  of 4G LTE services, we may not be able to meet our customer expectations, demands, or needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. \n We may be unable to provide 4G LTE roaming. \n We do not anticipate being able initially, and may not in the future be able, to provide 4G LTE roaming service to our customers to allow them to have 4G LTE service outside our existing service areas.  Since at this time a limited number of carriers have publicly announced that they are planning to deploy 4G LTE in the near future, the number of potential roaming partners for 4G LTE will be extremely limited and certain carriers are currently deploying, and other carriers may deploy, 4G LTE on spectrum that is different than the spectrum on which we are deploying 4G LTE.  Other carriers have in the past, and may in the future, be reluctant to provide data roaming to us at all or on terms we consider to be acceptable.  In addition, some of the carriers who currently provide roaming to us may be delayed in deploying, decide not to deploy, or be unable to deploy 4G LTE, which would limit our ability to provide 4G LTE services to our customers when they roam.  Further, since 4G LTE is relatively new and carriers may attempt to differentiate their services using 4G LTE, carriers may be reluctant to allow roaming \n at all or at prices that would make roaming cost effective for our customers.  If our customers or potential customers demand 4G LTE services on a nationwide basis or our competitors offer 4G services on a nationwide basis, we may be unable to meet customer expectations or demands and we may attract less than the anticipated number of 4G LTE customers or we may experience higher than anticipated levels of churn.  If we do not attract the number of 4G LTE customers we anticipate, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financials and results of operations. \n We are increasingly focused on providing nationwide service, but we may be unable to obtain the roaming and other services we need from other carriers at rates that allow us to provide such nationwide service and still remain competitive. \n The market for our services increasingly requires that we provide nationwide coverage for such services.  Many of our competitors have, or have access to, national networks with substantially larger footprints than we have covering substantially all of the United States population as well as international roaming arrangements, all of which enable them to offer automatic roaming, long distance telephone and 3G and, in the future, 4G LTE services to their customers at a lower cost than we can offer.  This also allows our competitors to sustain unlimited flat-rate local, and nationwide roaming plans on their existing networks over a larger area than we can sustain on an economic basis. We provide a significant portion of our nationwide services utilizing roaming agreements with other third party carriers, which allows our customers to roam on those carriers' networks to provide voice (and some data) services to areas outside our service areas and to improve coverage within select areas of our footprint. We have entered into agreements with other third party carriers who provide such roaming services to us and who carry long distance calls made by our customers. These roaming agreements, however, do not cover all geographic areas where our customers may seek service when they travel, and they generally cover voice but may not cover data services or other advanced service features. These agreements are subject to renewal and termination rights, and if such agreements are terminated or not renewed, or the rates charged to us increase substantially, we may be required to pay significant amounts of money for roaming service and we may be unable to provide nationwide coverage to our customers on a cost-effective basis.  Additionally, our aggregate roaming costs are highly susceptible to the geographic roaming patterns and usage patterns of our customers.  Since our unlimited nationwide service plans do not include any incremental roaming charges, we absorb these costs such that as we add customers our roaming expenses will increase. As customers increase their roaming in amount or frequency our consolidated financial results could be negatively impacted. \n If we are unable to meet our customers' expectations for nationwide coverage for the services they want, it could reduce the number of new customers we add to our services and may increase our churn.  We also may be unable to provide roaming for certain services, such as 4G LTE data, at all or the rates may not be acceptable to our customers.  If our customers demand roaming services, such as 4G LTE roaming, and we are unable to provide such roaming at all or at cost effective rates, we could have increased churn, decreased growth, and lower revenue and profits. Further, if the rates we pay for roaming increase, it could reduce the profits we make on our services, or require us to cease providing such services on an unlimited basis.  A termination of existing roaming agreements or a significant increase in the prices we pay for roaming could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Further, if the wireless industry continues to consolidate in the future, we may have increased difficulty entering into new roaming agreements with other technically compatible carriers offering comparable quality of service or replacing our existing roaming agreements.  In addition, we believe the rates we are charged by certain carriers in some instances are higher than the rates these carriers charge to other roaming partners and resellers that may have large call volumes or certain affiliations.  Further, our options for roaming in the future, especially with respect to 4G LTE roaming, may be more limited and the market power of the remaining carriers may increase which may allow them to increase prices or impose other terms which are unfavorable to us. \n Business, political, regulatory and economic factors may significantly affect our operations, the manner in which we conduct our business and slow our rate of growth. \n In the recent past, the United States economy has deteriorated significantly, unemployment rates have increased and such conditions may continue for the foreseeable future.  Our business is being and could be further affected by such economic conditions, including, but not limited to, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, rates of inflation, energy costs, unemployment rates, housing foreclosures, as well as consumer confidence and consumer spending, in the areas in which we operate and these areas may experience greater impact from these factors than other areas of the country or may recover more slowly.  In addition, most of our handsets and our infrastructure equipment are purchased from vendors who are located outside of the United States and disruptions in trade with these countries or trade agreements could impact our ability to get the products and services we need to operate our business.  These factors are outside of our control. If economic conditions and unemployment rates continue to deteriorate, or remain depressed, our existing and future customer base may be disproportionately and adversely affected due to the generally lower per capita income of our customer base (versus the largest national facility-based wireless broadband mobile carriers) and their inability to pay and increased potential to terminate a \n portion or all of their services. In addition, a number of our customers work in industries or in areas of the country which may be disproportionately affected by an economic slowdown or recession. More generally, adverse changes in the economy are likely to negatively affect our customers' ability to pay for existing services and to decrease their interest in purchasing new services. These same economic conditions may negatively impact our third-party service providers who experience cash flow problems, liquidity concerns or are unable to obtain or refinance credit such that they may no longer be able to operate. The resulting impact of such economic conditions on our customers, on consumer and discretionary spending and on our product and service providers could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, services and on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Additionally, there have been significant changes in the political climate and in the composition of the FCC as a result of the outcome of recent state elections and the last Presidential election in the United States.  Several actions indicate that the FCC will be proactive in and may increase the regulation of wireless services, and we cannot predict with any certainty the nature and extent of the changes in federal, state and local laws, regulations and policy we will face, or the effect of such elections on any pending legislation.  For example, changes in the political climate could affect the extent to which further consolidation of wireless carriers will be approved by the government and such changes could reduce our strategic merger and acquisition options.  Further, regulatory requirements, such as open network access, could impose costs on us or limit our ability to provide our services in a cost effective or profitable way.  Any changes in regulation, new policy initiatives, increased taxes or any other changes in state or federal law may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may be unable to enforce or protect our intellectual property and intellectual property rights. \n We own, license, develop and use intellectual property, including trade secrets, in our business.  While we engage in measures to protect our intellectual property, such measures offer limited protection and may not prevent the misappropriation of our information or our proprietary rights.  Further, the enforcement of our intellectual property rights may require legal action, which may be costly and may not be successful, even if our rights are misappropriated or infringed. \n We cannot assure you that any patent, trademark or service mark application, whether pending or future, will be granted or that any existing patent, trademark or service mark will not be infringed, challenged or invalidated or that any such registration will adequately protect our brand, products or image.  If any of our intellectual property rights are infringed, challenged or invalidated, the costs associated with the protection and attempted enforcement of our rights and the potential loss of such rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We and our suppliers may be subject to claims of infringement and product liability. \n The technologies used in the telecommunications industry are subject to a wide array of patents and other intellectual property rights. We also are increasingly providing operating systems, applications and content to our customers that may be subject to patent, trademark, copyright and other intellectual property rights.  As a result, third parties may assert infringement and misappropriation claims against us or our suppliers from time to time based on our or their general business operations, the equipment, software or services we or they use or provide, the products, services, operating systems, applications and content we provide, or the specific operation of our wireless networks or service.  We or our suppliers may be subject to infringement or misappropriation claims that, if successful, could preclude our ability to use or sell such product, service, application, content or network feature, preclude the supplier from supplying us with the products, software, applications, content and services we require to run our business or offer our product, service, application, content, require the supplier to change the products, software, applications, content and services they provide to us in a way which could have a material adverse effect on us, or cause the supplier to increase the charges for their products, software, applications, content and services to us.  We also cannot guarantee that we will be fully protected against all losses associated with an infringement or misappropriation claim involving our manufacturers, licensors and suppliers who provide us with the equipment, software, applications, content, and technology that we use in our business.  In addition, our suppliers may refuse to, or may be unable to, pay any damages or honor their defense and indemnification obligations to us, which may result in us having to bear such losses. We may also have to buy equipment, products, software, applications, content and services from other third party suppliers or pay royalties to the holders of intellectual property rights. \n Moreover, we may be subject to claims that products, software, applications, content and services provided by different vendors, which we combine with products, software, applications, content or with services provided by other vendors or with our own products, software, applications, content and services in order to offer products, software, applications, content and services to our customers, are infringing on or misappropriating the rights of others, and we may not have any indemnification protection from our vendors for these claims. Further, we have been, and in the future may be, subject to claims that certain business processes we use, product, service, application, content we provide, software, applications or content we license, or product, service, application, content we create may infringe on or misappropriate the rights of third parties, and we may have \n no indemnification rights from any of our vendors or suppliers. Whether or not an infringement or misappropriation claim is valid or successful, it could adversely affect our business by diverting management's attention, involve us in costly and time-consuming litigation, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements (which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all), require us to pay royalties for prior periods, require us or our suppliers to redesign our or their business operations, processes, systems, software, applications, services or products to avoid claims of infringement or misappropriation, preclude our ability to offer certain products, software, applications, content, and services at all, or require us to purchase products, software, applications, content, and services from different vendors or not sell certain products, software, applications, content, or services. If a claim is found to be valid or if we or our suppliers cannot successfully negotiate a required royalty or license agreement, we could be forced to pay substantial damages, including potentially treble damages, and we could be subject to an injunction that could disrupt our business, prevent us from offering  some or all of our products, content, software, applications or services and cause us to incur losses of customers or revenues, any or all of which could be material and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We do not manufacture or develop the products sold by us and generally rely upon our suppliers to provide us with products that meet all regulatory and safety requirements. We could be held liable along with the manufacturers of the products for any harm caused by products we sell if such products are later found to have design or manufacturing defects. For example, there have been claims made, and lawsuits filed that allege, that the rechargeable batteries in handsets may explode or catch on fire, including ones filed naming us as a party.  Our agreements with our manufacturers, suppliers and vendors providing us with such products contain indemnification agreements to protect us from direct losses associated with product liability, but we cannot guarantee that the manufacturers, suppliers and vendors will honor the indemnification upon an assertion of a claim, that we will be able to enforce the indemnification, or that we will be fully protected against all losses associated with the product found to be defective.  Any claim could result in losses, divert management's attention, or otherwise disrupt our business which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. \n We currently have an exclusive arrangement with our billing services vendor. \n A single billing provider, subject to certain exclusions, is our exclusive vendor for billing services in North America.  If this provider does not perform its obligations under the agreement, or ceases to continue to develop, or substantially delays development of, new features or billing services, or ceases to support its existing billing systems, we may be unable to secure alternative billing services from another provider or providers in a timely manner, for a reasonable cost or otherwise, which could cause us, among other things, not to be able to bill our customers, provide customer care, grow our business, report financial results, or manage our business and we may have increased churn, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Substantially all of our network infrastructure equipment on each technology is manufactured or provided by a single network infrastructure vendor. \n Substantially all of our broadband PCS and AWS, 1xRTT CDMA network infrastructure equipment is manufactured or provided by a single network infrastructure vendor. We have entered into a non-exclusive agreement with that vendor to provide us with PCS and AWS 1xRTT CDMA system products and services, including without limitation, wireless base stations, switches, power, cable and transmission equipment and services. A substantial portion of the equipment manufactured or provided by this vendor is proprietary, which means that equipment and software from other manufacturers may not work with this vendor's equipment and software, or may require the expenditure of additional capital, which may be material. The communications equipment market has been subject to recent economic turmoil.  In addition, we have chosen to purchase our 4G LTE infrastructure from another vendor.  As a result, this vendor may not develop new products or services necessary to us or offer the same level of support as it has done in the past. \n We also have entered into a non-exclusive agreement to purchase and license most of our 4G LTE system products, licensed materials and services from a single network infrastructure vendor.  As 4G LTE is new, complex technology, we cannot assure you that this vendor will be successful in its continuing development efforts. In the event that this vendor fails to deliver or is delayed in delivering the 4G LTE products, software and services we have contracted to purchase from it, we may be delayed in launching additional 4G LTE services or upgrading or enhancing our 4G LTE services. \n If any of our CDMA or 4G LTE network infrastructure vendors ceases to develop, substantially delays the development of, new products or ceases to support existing products, equipment and software, or it fails to perform under the agreement, we may be required to spend significant amounts of money to replace such equipment and software, may not be able to offer new products and services, may be delayed in offering additional services, and may not be able to compete effectively in our markets.  If any of the foregoing risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We use a single provider for most of our domestic and international long distance services . \n We currently use a single provider for most of the domestic and international long distance services that we provide to our customers under a long-term contract.  This arrangement requires us to send a significant portion of our domestic and international long distance traffic to the provider for transmission and termination.  If the provider experiences service outages or other problems affecting its services, our customers may have difficulty completing domestic and international calls.  As all of our service plans include domestic long distance services, any such disruption could have a significant effect on our customers which may cause them to become dissatisfied with our service.  In addition, one of our service plans also includes international long distance and a disruption in that service, or the cessation of service to destinations which our customers want to call, could cause our customers to leave our service.  As such, if the long distance services we provide do not meet the needs, demands or expectations of our customer, substantial numbers of customers could be dissatisfied or leave our service or we could have difficulty adding new customers, which could result in reduced growth, higher churn, lower revenues and reduced profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We rely on third parties to provide products, software, applications and services that are integral to our business. \n Sophisticated financial, management, information, network management, and billing systems are vital to our business. We currently rely on internal systems and third-party vendors to develop and to provide all of these systems.  We have entered into agreements with third-party suppliers to provide products, software, applications, services and content that are integral to our business, such as customer care, product distribution, content development, financial reporting, network management, network infrastructure equipment and services and billing and payment processing. We purchase a substantial portion of the products, software, services and content  from only a few major suppliers and we generally rely on one or two key vendors in each area. Some of these agreements may be terminated upon relatively short notice.  In addition, our plans for developing and implementing our financial information and billing systems rely to some extent on the design, development and delivery of products, software, applications, and services by third-party vendors. Our right to use these systems is dependent on agreements with third-party vendors and these systems may not perform as anticipated. \n If our suppliers terminate their agreements with us, experience disruption or difficulty in raising necessary capital, go bankrupt, or experience interruptions or other problems delivering quality products, software, applications or services to us on a timely basis or at all, it may result in significantly increased prices or cause us to have difficulty providing services to or billing our customers, developing, delivering, and deploying new products (including sufficient volume and types) and services and/or upgrading, maintaining, improving our networks, generating accurate or timely financial reports and information, or providing customer care. If alternative suppliers and vendors become necessary, we may not be able to obtain satisfactory and timely replacement services on economically attractive terms, or at all. Our reliance on others to provide essential products, software, applications, and services on our behalf also gives us less control over the efficiency, timeliness and quality of these products, software and services. The loss, termination or expiration of these agreements or our inability to renew them at all or on favorable terms or negotiate agreements with other providers at comparable rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. \n We rely heavily on indirect distribution channels. \n Unlike many of our competitors that rely upon “big box” retailers, company owned stores, direct sales forces, and exclusive partners, our business model utilizes and relies predominately on indirect distribution outlets including a range of exclusive and non-exclusive local, regional and national mass-market dealers and retailers allowing us to reach the largest number of potential customers in our metropolitan areas at a relatively low cost. Approximately 90% of the sales of our handsets and services occur through these indirect distribution channels. Many of our dealers own and operate more than one location, sell wireless broadband mobile services of other providers and may operate in more than one of our metropolitan areas. Because these third party dealers are the primary contact between us and our customers in many instances, including accepting payment for our services on our behalf, they play an important role in our ability to grow our business and in customer retention. With the recent deterioration of the United States economy, employment rates, mortgage foreclosures, and the credit markets, which may continue for the foreseeable future, some of our dealers and vendors have experienced, and may in the future, experience problems and may be unable to continue their operations or secure funds for their continued operations or to grow their operations. Further, due to the present economic conditions, we may be unable to find participants in our local markets that would qualify or be able to open a location to replace closed operations. Moreover, since we rely on such third parties to provide some of our services, any bankruptcy, termination, switch or disruption in service by such third parties or diminution in the number of such third parties could be costly and affect operating efficiencies and our ability to attract and retain customers which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Additionally, as more of our competitors use third party dealers to market and sell their products and services, competition for dealers is intense and larger competitors are able to offer higher commissions and other benefits. As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining dealers, or getting them to focus on distributing our products and services, and any inability to do so could have an adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We and our indirect dealers face direct competition with some of our other indirect distribution agents and dealers. \n Many of our indirect distribution outlets, primarily local dealers, are not our exclusive dealers, meaning that these dealers may sell other third party products, applications, content and services in direct competition with us and other indirect dealers in the same location. Additionally, we strive to ensure that our customers have access to a wide variety of products and services within their geographic area, which means some of our dealers may be located within close proximity to one another and compete for the same customer base.  As a result of the direct competition we encounter in some of our dealer locations and the potential for competition among our local dealers, we may experience reduced sales in certain geographic areas, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our agreements with our indirect distribution agents may be terminated on relatively short notice. \n Our agreements with our third party indirect distribution agents to market and sell our products and services can be terminated by us or by such indirect distribution agents on relatively short notice.  Our competitors are focused on increasing their distribution, and the relatively short termination period may allow our competitors to switch our indirect distribution agents to their products and services. In addition, if the economy deteriorates or does not further improve, some of these indirect distribution agents may cease to operate.  If we lose our indirect distribution, we may have difficulty finding new companies to distribute our products and services, or we may be forced to increase the amount of payments we make to our indirect distribution agents.  If any of these occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operational results. \n We utilize a limited number of cell site and DAS providers. \n We currently use, and plan to continue to use, DAS systems in lieu of traditional cell sites to provide service to certain critical portions of certain metropolitan areas.  In order to construct DAS systems, the DAS provider will be required to obtain necessary authority from the relevant state and local regulatory authorities and to secure certain agreements, such as right of way agreements, in order to construct or operate the DAS systems. To the extent that the costs or rates of obtaining such DAS services increases, our future operating costs could increase. In addition, the DAS system provider may be required to construct a transport network as part of their construction of the DAS systems. These DAS systems may be leased and/or licensed from third party suppliers.  We utilize a limited number of DAS system providers.  Some of the DAS system providers we are using have not previously constructed or been authorized to construct DAS systems in certain of the areas we plan to build DAS systems so there may be unforeseen obstacles and delays in constructing the DAS systems in those areas.  DAS systems also pose particular compliance challenges with regard to any regulatory requirements that may be adopted by the FCC, such as back-up power requirements, and may be susceptible to certain weather conditions, such as flooding or power outages. If any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply with applicable laws, could require us to spend significant amounts of additional capital, could delay or affect our ability to offer our services, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n If our master agreement with one of our cell site or DAS providers were to terminate, or if the cell site or DAS system providers were to experience severe financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy, or if one of these cell site or DAS system providers were unable to support our use of its cell sites or DAS systems, we would have to find new sites or rebuild the affected portion of our network. In addition, the concentration of our cell site leases and DAS systems with a limited number of cell site and DAS system providers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results if we are unable to renew our expiring leases or DAS system agreements with these companies either on terms comparable to those we have today or at all.  In addition, the tower and DAS industry has continued to consolidate. If any of the companies from which we lease towers or DAS systems were to consolidate with other cell site or DAS systems companies, they may be unable to honor obligations to us or have the ability to raise prices, which could materially affect our profitability.  If a material number of cell sites or DAS systems were no longer available for our use, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Future regulatory changes may also affect our ability to enter into new or maintain existing roaming agreements on competitive terms. \n Our ability to replicate other carriers' roaming service offerings at rates that will make us, or allow us to be, competitive is uncertain at this time. The FCC has clarified that broadband commercial mobile radio service, or CMRS, providers must offer automatic roaming for voice and short message service, or SMS, service both in and out of a requesting carrier's market, on just, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, but found that a CMRS provider is not required to offer roaming services if the request is not reasonable. Carriers frequently disagree on what constitutes reasonable terms and conditions.  The FCC will presume in the first instance that a request for automatic voice and SMS roaming is reasonable if the requesting carrier provides technologically compatible services.  However, in finally assessing whether a roaming request is reasonable, the FCC will consider the request based on a totality of the circumstances and may use a number of factors, including the extent of the requesting carrier's build-out where it holds spectrum, and whether alternative roaming partners are available.  The FCC also has extended roaming rights to roaming services that are classified as information services (such as high-speed wireless Internet access services), and for roaming services that are not classified as CMRS (such as non-interconnected services).  This decision has been appealed by one of the nationwide carriers on the ground that the FCC does not have the authority to mandate data roaming, and the timing and outcome of the appeal cannot be predicted with certainty. The FCC has not classified these services as common carrier services.  However, the FCC has required carriers to provide roaming services that are classified as information services on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, including price, but such services are not required to be offered on a non-discriminatory basis. The FCC has established a complaint mechanism, which may include arbitration, to resolve roaming related disputes. The wireless broadband mobile wireless industry has continued to experience consolidation and any consolidation would further reduce the carriers from which we could receive roaming services, including 4G LTE roaming services.  If we are unable to enter into or maintain roaming agreements for roaming services that our customers desire at reasonable rates, including in areas where we have licenses or lease spectrum but have not constructed facilities, we may be unable to compete effectively and attract and retain customers, and we may lose revenues.  Several of our roaming agreements can be terminated for breach or if we experience a change in control.  We also may be unable to continue to receive roaming services in areas in which we hold licenses or lease spectrum after the expiration or termination of our existing roaming agreements. We also may be obligated to allow customers of other technically compatible carriers to roam automatically on our systems, which may enhance their ability to compete with us. \n Further, our roaming agreements and services may be with certain of our competitors and may create actual or potential conflicts of interest, and may cause the parties to make decisions or take actions that do not reflect the other's best interests. None of these agreements restricts us from entering into similar arrangements with other parties, but certain rights could be lost or agreements terminated if we enter into such a similar relationship. If any of the above risks occur, they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may incur higher than anticipated intercarrier compensation costs and be drawn into intercarrier compensation disputes. \n When our customers use our service to call customers of other carriers, we are required in certain circumstances under the current intercarrier compensation scheme to pay the carrier that serves the called party, and any intermediary or transit carrier, for the use of their networks.  And, as a wireless carrier we are not entitled to receive access payments from interexchange carriers who route calls for termination on our network. However, the FCC recently adopted an order that significantly reforms the existing intercarrier compensation scheme, adopting a unified intercarrier compensation regime for all traffic exchanged between all carriers, including CMRS carriers such as us. This new regime includes a transition period in which rates for the termination of non-intraMTA CMRS access will decrease over periods specified by the FCC, and will culminate in all traffic exchanged between carriers being at bill-and-keep, meaning that carriers will not charge each other for the exchange of traffic. Further, the new regime moves all intraMTA traffic exchanged between CMRS and local exchange carriers to bill-and-keep by the middle of 2012. The economic outcome of the FCC's new rules is unclear at this time, and the FCC's new intercarrier compensation rules, may decrease the amount of revenue we receive for terminating calls from other carriers on our network. The FCC's new intercarrier compensation regime is subject to numerous appeals and petitions for reconsideration, and we are unable to predict the outcome of such appeals and petitions for reconsideration at this time.  In addition, the FCC has released a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in which it seeks comment on specifics related to the ultimate transition to a bill-and-keep regime. \n We resell third party international interexchange services in connection with certain of our international interexchange services.  The charges for these services may be subject to change by the terminating or interconnecting carrier, or by the regulatory body or agency having jurisdiction in the applicable foreign country.  In the event that the charges change, the terminating or interconnecting carrier may attempt to assess such charges retroactively on us or our third party international interexchange carrier, which charges may be substantial, or we may cease providing service to such foreign country, which may \n cause prospective customers to not subscribe to our service or current customers to terminate their service from us.  If we are assessed additional charges on a retroactive basis, the use of our services results in significant intercarrier costs, we are unable or unwilling to offer services to certain foreign destinations, or prospective customers do not subscribe to our service or current customers terminate service with us, it could limit our ability to grow our customer base which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Some carriers who terminate calls originated by our customers have sought, and others may seek, to impose termination charges on us that we consider to be unreasonably high and have threatened to pursue, or have initiated or may initiate, claims against us to recover these charges. We have been drawn into multiple state commission proceedings in which local exchange carriers are seeking approval of past wireless termination rates that we consider to be excessive. The outcome of these claims is uncertain. A determination that we are liable for additional or excessive terminating compensation payments could subject us to additional claims by other carriers and while we have reserved funds we believe are appropriate for such claims, litigation is uncertain and the amount determined by a court or regulatory agency could be different than our reserves. Further, legal and business considerations inhibit our ability or willingness to block traffic to telecommunication carriers who demand unreasonable payments.  The FCC, in its recent Order on Reconsideration reforming intercarrier compensation, has held that the exchange of intraMTA traffic between local exchange carriers and CMRS providers, when the parties have an interconnection agreement, will be exchanged at a default rate of bill-and-keep as of July 1, 2012.  The FCC also held that the exchange of intraMTA traffic between local exchange carriers and CMRS providers, when the parties do not have an interconnection agreement, will be exchanged at a default rate of bill-and-keep as of December 29, 2011. While the impact of these changes in the intercarrier compensation arrangements between LECs and CMRS carriers generally is considered to be favorable to us, it is difficult to quantify the benefit of this.  We also may be subject to protracted litigation proceedings pertaining to the new comprehensive intercarrier compensation regime that may subject us to substantial costs and result in uncertainty. In addition, certain transit carriers have taken the position that they can charge “market” rates for transit services, which rates may in some instances be significantly higher than our current rates or the rates we are willing to pay. We may be obligated to pay these higher rates and/or purchase services from others, engage in direct connection, or pay terminating compensation charges in the absence of negotiated agreements, which may result in higher costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n A portion of our third-party customer service and technical support providers and a portion of our revenue are derived from geographic areas susceptible to natural and other disasters. \n Our focus on major metropolitan areas and our use of third party suppliers and service providers, some of which are located in developing nations, such as Mexico, Panama, Antigua and the Philippines, may make our products and services more susceptible to certain events, including political upheavals, war, terrorist attacks, strikes, natural disasters, and pandemics.  The outsourcing of certain customer and technical support lowers our operating costs and adds flexibility, but also adds risk as we rely on these third-party service providers working directly on our behalf with our customers. Customers may react negatively to or have certain perceptions about our use of or their receiving direct customer and technical support from outside the U.S., especially with the current legislative scrutiny and focus on jobs being sent overseas and the security of personal information being sent overseas. In addition, a number of our markets and certain of our centralized network equipment  are located in areas which have a history of natural disasters that may adversely affect our operations in those areas such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, or flooding.  In certain instances we do not have redundant facilities.  These national disasters could affect our ability to provide our services and cause us to have to stop or limit selling and servicing our customers and products.  These events also may cause our networks to cease operating for a substantial period of time while we reconstruct or repair them and our competitors may be less affected than we are.  Some network outages give rise to regulatory reporting obligations, which subject us to additional burdens and risks, and if we fail to meet such obligations, it could result in fines, forfeitures, consent decrees, corporate monitors or other adverse actions.  We cannot provide any assurance that the business interruption insurance and property insurance we have will cover all losses we may experience as a result of such events, that the insurance carrier will be solvent, that rates will remain commercially reasonable, that the insurance carrier will not drop us, or that the insurance carrier will pay all claims made by us.  If we experience any of these events, we may have reduced revenue, lower growth, increased churn, increased expenses, and reduced profitability, and may have difficulty finding new suppliers and vendors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified management and other personnel. \n Our business is managed by a small number of key executive officers, including our chief executive officer, Roger Linquist.  None of our managing key executives has an employment contract, so any such executive officers may leave at any time subject to forfeiture of any unpaid performance awards and any unvested options or restricted stock.  In addition, at this time, the exercise price of a substantial portion of the unvested options of our key executive officers is above, and in some cases \n significantly above, the current trading prices of our common stock.  We believe that our future success depends in substantial part on our continued ability to attract and retain highly knowledgeable, qualified executive, technical and management personnel. We believe that competition for highly qualified management, technical and sales personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will retain our key management, technical and sales employees, that we will be successful in attracting, assimilating or retaining other highly qualified management, technical and sales personnel in the future sufficient to support our continued growth, or that we will be successful in replacing any of our key management, technical and sales personnel that may retire or cease to be employed by us. We have experienced occasional difficulties in recruiting qualified personnel and there can be no assurance that we will not experience such difficulties in the future. The departure or retirement of, or our inability to attract or retain, highly qualified executive, technical and management personnel, including the chief executive officer, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are exposed to counterparty risk in our senior secured credit facility and related interest rate protection agreements. \n We have entered into interest rate protection agreements to manage the Company's interest rate risk exposure by fixing a portion of the interest expense we pay under our senior secured credit facility; however, there can be no assurance that these will be effective or that we will be able to continue to enter into these agreements at a reasonable cost.  There has been considerable turmoil in the world economy and banking markets, which could affect whether the counterparties to such interest rate protection agreements are able to honor their agreements.  If the counterparties fail to honor their commitments, we could experience higher interest rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The investment of our substantial cash balances are subject to risk. \n We can and have historically invested our substantial cash balances in, among other things, securities issued and fully guaranteed by the United States or any state, highly rated commercial paper and auction rate securities, money market funds meeting certain criteria, and demand deposits. As a result of uncertainty in the United States political arena, the United States economy, and the credit and financial markets, together with the potential impact of the failure of the United States government to raise the United States debt ceiling and the possible downgrade of the United States debt credit rating, the stability of the trading market for United States government securities and treasury auctions could be adversely impacted or impaired and the United States government may be unable to satisfy their obligations under any treasury securities we hold. We are also exposed to risks resulting from the deterioration in the financial condition of financial institutions holding our cash deposits, decisions of the investment managers of the money market funds and defaults in securities underlying the funds. All our investments are subject to credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risk. Such risks may result in a loss of liquidity, substantial impairment to our investments, realization of substantial future losses, or a complete loss of the investment in the long-term, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and liquidity. \n Recent political changes could have an adverse effect on our relationship with our workforce. \n None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement or represented by an employee union.  With the ongoing changes in the party affiliations the party composition of Congress, the President of the United States and the changes in composition of Federal and state legislatures, legislation or regulatory rules have been proposed and may be enacted which could impose additional requirements on us or make it easier for union organizing activities. If our employees become represented by an employee union or are subject to a collective bargaining agreement, it may make it more difficult for us to manage our business and to attract and retain new employees and may increase our cost of doing business.  Having our employees become represented by an employee union, having a collective bargaining agreement or having additional requirements related to our employees imposed on us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are subject to numerous taxes, surcharges and fees from federal, state and local governments, and the applicability and the amount of these taxes, surcharges and fees is subject to great uncertainty. \n Telecommunications providers pay a variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from interstate and intrastate services, including federal Universal Service Fund, or USF, fees and common carrier regulatory fees.  Some of these fees are based on the division of our services between interstate services and intrastate services, including the divisions associated with the federal USF fees, which is a matter of interpretation and, in the future, may be contested by the FCC or state authorities. The FCC also may change in the future the basis on which federal USF fees are charged.  The FCC may impose other charges or fees on our business, such as recurring spectrum usage or licensing fees. Many states also apply transaction-based taxes to sales of our products and services and to our purchases of telecommunications services from various carriers. In addition, state regulators and local governments have imposed and may in the future impose various surcharges, taxes and fees on our \n services. Further, in some instances state legislatures have imposed different taxes, surcharges, fees and requirements on prepaid services than on post-paid services and in some cases it is uncertain which requirements apply to our services and some of the services which we compete with may be subject to lower taxes, surcharges, or regulatory fees.  The jurisdictions may contest whether we have assessed and remitted the taxes, fees and surcharges correctly or have complied with such requirements. In addition, state and federal regulators periodically have and may in the future increase or change the taxes, surcharges and fees we currently pay. We believe we remit all applicable federal, state and local taxes, fees, costs and expenses as required, but we do not recover in all instances these regulatory and compliance taxes, fees, costs and expenses directly from our customers and there can be no assurance that we would be found to be fully compliant with the payment of such taxes, fees, costs and expenses. If we were to pass on these taxes, fees, costs and expenses to our customers in the future, it may affect our ability to retain and attract new customers. Because of fiscal budget deficits at many state and local jurisdictions, state and local municipalities may increase taxes, surcharges and regulatory fees on our services.  Any increase in taxes, fees, surcharges, and expenses could reduce our growth, decrease our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profitability and increase our churn, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Concerns about whether wireless telephones pose health and safety risks may lead to the adoption of new regulations or lawsuits that could decrease demand for our services. \n Media reports and some studies have given rise to claims that radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets may be linked to various health concerns, including cancer, or interfere with various electronic devices, including air bags, hearing aids, pacemakers and other medical devices. Additional studies have been undertaken to determine whether the claims based on these reports and studies are accurate.  Further lawsuits have also been filed against various participants in the wireless industry alleging various adverse health consequences as a result of wireless phone usage. While many of these alleged adverse health lawsuits have been dismissed on various grounds, including a lack of scientific evidence linking wireless handsets with such adverse health consequences, future lawsuits could be filed based on new evidence or in different jurisdictions. Most of these lawsuits allege personal injury claims, although courts have begun to permit claims for economic loss due to omissions or misrepresentations in the marketing of the handsets.  If lawsuits regarding any of the above are filed against us, it could be costly to defend, divert management's attention from the business, and could subject us to substantial liability.  If any such suits do succeed, or if plaintiffs are successful in negotiating settlements, it is likely additional suits would follow.  In addition to health concerns, safety concerns have been raised with respect to the use of wireless handsets, including texting, while driving. Certain states and municipalities in which we provide service or plan to provide service have passed or proposed laws prohibiting or restricting the use of wireless phones while driving, prohibiting texting while driving, limiting use of wireless devices while driving by persons under the age of 18, or requiring the use of wireless headsets, and other states, municipalities and the federal government may do so in the future. \n If consumers' health concerns over radio frequency emissions increase or safety concerns increase, consumers may be discouraged from using wireless handsets or services, regulators may impose restrictions or increased requirements on the location and operation of cell sites, the use or design of wireless telephones, may restrict the use of wireless handsets while driving, may require that all wireless telephones include an earpiece that would enable the use of wireless telephones without holding them against the user's head and may give rise to additional lawsuits. Such legislation or regulation could increase the cost of our wireless handsets, reduce demand for our products and services, increase other operating expenses, or could expose wireless providers to further litigation, including litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injury allegedly incurred as a result of wireless telephone use, which, even if not successful, may be costly to defend and could divert management's attention from our business, and could subject us to significant liability. See also “Settlements, judgments, restraints on our current or future manner of doing business or legal costs resulting from pending or future litigation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results” under General Matters. In addition, compliance with such new requirements, and the associated costs, could adversely affect our business. The actual or perceived risk of radio frequency emissions could adversely affect us through a reduction in customers or a reduction in the availability of financing in the future.  If any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n System failures, security breaches and the unauthorized use of or interference with our information technology systems and networks could cause delays or interruptions of service, unauthorized use or dissemination of customer information, increase our cost of operations, and may result in harm to our business reputation, which could cause us to lose customers. \n To be successful, we must provide our customers reliable, trustworthy service and protect the personal information shared or generated by our customers. We rely upon our systems and networks and the systems and networks of other providers and vendors to provide and support all of our services.  Some of the risks to our information technology systems and our networks and infrastructure, which may prevent us from providing reliable service or which may allow for the unauthorized use or \n dissemination of our customer's personal information, include: \n • physical damage to outside plant facilities; \n • power surges or outages; \n • equipment failure; \n • vendor or supplier failures or delays; \n • software defects; \n • viruses, malware, worms, Trojan horses, unsolicited mass advertising, denial of service and other malicious or abusive attacks by third parties, including cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security; \n • fraud, including customer credit card fraud, subscription or dealer fraud; \n • unauthorized use of our or our provider's networks; \n • unauthorized access to our information technology, billing, customer care, provisioning systems and networks and those of our vendors and other providers; \n • human error; \n • customer demand for services exceeding our ability to provide such services; \n • demands placed on our network by devices, services or content demanded by our customers; \n • disruptions beyond our control, including disruptions caused by criminal or terrorist activities, theft, natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fire; and \n • failures in operational support systems. \n Network disruptions, whether from natural causes or manmade (including breaches of our network security), may cause interruptions in service, degradation of service, excessive call volumes to call centers, damage to our or our customers' equipment, theft of or illegal access to customer information, or reduced capacity for customers, all of which could cause us to lose customers, lose revenue, suffer reputational damages, embroil us in litigation and cause us to incur remediation costs, including liability for stolen information, repairing systems, or incentives offered to customers after an attack, increased cybersecurity protection costs, including organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and technologies, training or engaging consultants. Some portions of our network are not fully redundant and our disaster relief plans may not be adequate or timely. The resulting interruption or failure to provide our services, including the harm to our reputation, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n As a predominantly unlimited service provider we typically do not have as robust a system to detect customer fraud as other wireless broadband mobile carriers.  In addition, we may be subject to fraud by our indirect distribution channel as they are generally paid based on gross additions and on the service plan they sign a customer up for initially.  Further, our administrative and capital costs associated with detecting, monitoring and reducing the incidence of fraud and illegal attempts to access our systems to destroy or steal our customer information, or the costs to replace or repair the network or facilities (or portions thereof), may be substantial, thus causing our costs to provide service to increase.  Fraudulent use of our networks may also impact interconnection and long distance costs, capacity costs, roaming costs, administrative costs, fraud prevention costs and payments to other carriers for such fraud. If the safeguards we have instituted to protect, detect and control such fraud and illegal access to our systems and networks are not successful, such fraud, illegal access, or increased costs could have a material adverse impact on our financial results, impair our service resulting in higher churn as our competitors systems may not experience similar problems, and damage our reputation and goodwill. \n Despite our network security, processes and strategies we have put in place with respect to our systems and networks, including confidential customer data, our physical facilities, information systems and networks are not completely secure and may be vulnerable to physical or on-line break-ins, computer viruses, theft, attacks by hackers, cyber attacks or similar disruptive problems. If hackers/cyber thieves gain improper access to our databases, they may be able to access, steal, publish, delete, misappropriate or modify confidential personal information concerning our customers that could result in harm to our customers and additional harm perpetrated by third parties who are given access to the consumer data, which could give rise to loss of goodwill, customer churn, and litigation against us.  Due to the evolving techniques used in cyber attacks and by hackers to sabotage or gain unauthorized access to our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or implement adequate preventive measures in time or prevent such unauthorized access, we may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches to address problems caused by breaches, and our insurance may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by such security breaches.  The actual or perceived failure to our networks security could damage our reputation \n and public perception of our ability to provide a secure service, which could adversely affect our ability to retain or gain new customers, expose us to significant liability, sanctions, fines and litigation, increase churn and have a resulting material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters \n Our ability to provide service to our customers and generate revenues could be harmed by adverse regulatory action. \n Our FCC licenses are major assets that are integral to our ability to provide our services. Our FCC licenses need to be periodically renewed and are subject to revocation and we may be subject to fines, forfeitures, penalties or other sanctions, including the imposition of mandatory reporting requirements, license conditions, corporate monitors, forfeiture of existing licenses, denial of renewal, and limitations on our ability to participate in future FCC auctions, if the FCC were to find that we are not in compliance with its rules or the requirements of the Communications Act.  The licensing requirements we must meet also are subject to change by the FCC. Many of our licenses are subject to interim or final construction requirements and there is no guarantee that the FCC will find our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, sufficient to meet the applicable construction requirements.  If the FCC finds that our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, is insufficient, the FCC could, among other things, find that we are not a qualified licensee and revoke any or all of our licenses, refuse to renew such licenses, and impose other penalties and sanctions.  In addition, a failure to comply with applicable license conditions or regulatory requirements could result in revocation or termination of our licenses, the loss of rights to serve unbuilt areas and/or fines and forfeitures, or a refusal to renew the licenses. We have had inquiries from regulatory agencies regarding our compliance with regulatory requirements and we may in the future receive additional inquiries.  We have responded, are in the process of responding, or will respond to such inquiries.  The regulatory obligations we have are complex and are subject to interpretation.  We cannot give any assurance that the FCC will agree with our compliance efforts or that the FCC will not impose fines, fees, or forfeitures, seek a consent decree, or take other adverse action against us. \n We must renew our FCC licenses periodically. Renewal applications are subject to FCC review and public comment to ensure that licensees meet their licensing requirements and comply with other applicable FCC requirements, rules and regulations. For all PCS, AWS and 700 MHz licenses, the FCC also requires that a licensee provide substantial service in order to receive a renewal expectancy. There is no guarantee that the FCC will find our completed system construction sufficient to meet the build out or renewal requirement.  Additionally, while incumbent licensees enjoy a certain renewal expectancy if they provide substantial service, the substantial service standard is not well articulated and there is no guarantee that the FCC will conclude that we are providing substantial service, that we are entitled to a renewal expectancy, or will renew all or any of our licenses, without the imposition of adverse conditions. The FCC recently released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking to create consistent requirements for renewal of licenses, consistent consequences for discontinuance of service, and to clarify certain construction obligations. The proposed changes to the existing renewal and discontinuance of service requirements may be applied retroactively to existing licenses that will be renewed in the future. If the changed requirements are applied retroactively to our existing licenses, the FCC may determine that our, or the construction undertaken by prior licensees, or the actions taken by us, or the prior licensees, relating to the buildout or discontinuance of service does not satisfy such changed requirements and determine not to renew our licenses.  If we fail to file for renewal of any particular license at the appropriate time, or fail to meet any regulatory requirements for renewal, including construction and substantial service requirements, we could be denied a license renewal or be subject to a competing application.  The FCC also may impose additional regulatory requirements or conditions on our licenses or our business and may impose a substantial renewal fee to allow a licensee to continue to use a particular spectrum.  Such additional regulatory requirements, fees or conditions could increase the cost of doing business, could cause disruption to existing networks, and could require us to make substantial investments. Any loss or impairment of any of these licenses, failure to renew, fines and forfeitures, the imposition of conditions, or other actions by the FCC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may be unable to obtain necessary governmental authorizations and permits on reasonable terms and conditions. \n Our ability to operate our business is dependent on, among other things, our ability to obtain a variety of governmental authorizations and permits in the planning, construction and operation of our networks.  Obtaining governmental authorizations and permits can be very time consuming, time sensitive and require compliance with a wide array of administrative and procedural rules.  Further, constructing cell sites may require zoning and other variances and permits from local agencies which are subject to public input.  Public input on zoning and other variances may be negative which could lead local agencies to deny permits necessary for us to construct or modify our sites.  To remain competitive, we must obtain such authorizations and permits on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and on acceptable terms and conditions. If we cannot obtain the necessary governmental authorizations and permits at all or on reasonable terms and conditions, we may incur substantial costs associated with finding an alternate, viable resolution, relocating sites and infrastructure, writing off cost and expenses associated with sites we are unable to use, and we may experience a delay or impairment in the provisioning of our services which could have a \n material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are subject to significant federal, state and local regulation. \n Our business is subject to a wide array of rules, regulations, and orders promulgated by local, state, and federal agencies. The FCC regulates most aspects of our business and the provision of our services, including the licensing, construction, modification, operation, ownership, sale and interconnection of wireless communications systems, as do some state and local regulatory agencies. \n For instance, the FCC generally regulates many aspects of interstate and intrastate communications and state utility commissions generally regulate many aspects of intrastate communications. Generally, we must obtain and maintain certificates of authority from the FCC and from regulatory bodies in certain states where we offer regulated services, and we are subject to numerous, and often quite detailed, requirements under federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. These regulations are complex and subject to interpretation.  Accordingly, we cannot ensure that we are always in compliance with all these requirements at any single point in time. The agencies responsible for the enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations may initiate inquiries or actions against us based on customer complaints or on their own initiative. \n We cannot assure you that the FCC or any state or local agencies having jurisdiction over our business will not impose new or revised regulatory requirements, new or increased costs, or require changes in our current or planned operations. Indeed, the FCC has initiated a series of inquiries and rulemaking proceedings pertaining to the wireless industry that could result in material changes in the applicable rules and policies and may increase the regulation of the industry and increase our costs and limit our flexibility and ability to compete. The FCC has adopted an expansive view of the scope of its regulatory authority over wireless carriers which are licensed under Title III of the Communications Act which could enable the FCC to impose regulatory mandates in additional areas. The FCC and state regulatory agencies also are increasingly focused on the quality of service, customer disclosures, and customer support that wireless carriers provide and the FCC and several agencies have proposed or enacted new and potentially burdensome regulations in this area.  Recently, several state commissions also took a proactive role in reviewing a major wireless merger transaction and this trend, if it continues, could subject such companies to additional state regulatory requirements in connection with such transactions. The Communications Act, from which the FCC obtains its authority and state regulatory enabling legislation, may be interpreted in a manner that imposes additional costs for compliance or be further amended in a manner that could be adverse to us.  Further, with past and possible future changes in the party affiliation of the President of the United States and  in the composition of Federal and state legislatures and regulatory commissions, there may be additional legislative or regulatory changes that affect our business. The FCC also may change its rules or make spectrum allocations in bands adjacent or proximate to those licensed to us, which could result in adverse consequences to our business, including harmful interference to our existing networks and spectrum.  If, as a result of interference, our customers experience a significant increase in dropped calls or significantly degraded service, we could experience higher churn and we may have difficulty adding additional customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, our financial condition and operating results.  In addition, the interference may cause our networks to have reduced capacity, which may require us to incur additional costs of adding cell sites or DAS nodes and to spend additional capital or may limit our ability to serve our customers, limit our growth, or increase our churn.  There can be no assurance that future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that such regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with regard to our compliance or noncompliance with regulations applicable to us. \n We also are subject, or potentially subject, to a number of additional federal, state, and local laws, rules, ordinances and requirements, including, but not limited to, common carrier obligations; universal service obligations; number portability requirements; number pooling rules; rules governing billing, subscriber privacy and customer proprietary network information; tower lighting and painting; access to E911 and location accuracy requirements; roaming obligations; rules that require wireless service providers to configure their networks to facilitate electronic surveillance by law enforcement officials; rate averaging and integration requirements; emergency warning requirements; bill shock; rules governing spam, telemarketing and truth-in-billing; equal employment opportunity reporting requirements; tower siting, outage reporting; open Internet requirements, and rules requiring us to offer equipment and services that are accessible to and usable by persons with disabilities, among others. There are also pending proceedings including, but not limited to, proceedings exploring the imposition of various types of nondiscrimination and open access obligations on our handsets and networks; the prohibition of handset exclusivity; the possible re-imposition of bright-line spectrum aggregation requirements; further regulation of special access used for wireless backhaul services; requirements relating to information to be provided to customers; allocation of additional spectrum for wireless services, including modifying rules related to use of existing spectrum for wireless use; among others. States may also seek additional authority from the FCC to regulate certain CMRS services if the FCC finds that CMRS services are the functional equivalent of local exchange services. As wireless substitution for local exchange services increases or the percent of the population which uses wireless devices increases, it may become more likely that CMRS services experience further regulation. Additionally, we may be subject to claims for violations of environmental law, regardless of fault, as a lessee or \n owner of any of our tower sites.  Some of these requirements and pending proceedings, including without limitation those described above, pose technical and operational challenges to which we, and the industry as a whole, have not yet developed clear solutions and may require us to spend money to become in compliance. Further, these requirements generally are the subject of pending FCC, federal, state, local or judicial proceedings, and we are unable to predict how they may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. \n Our business also is subject to various other regulations, including certain regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities Exchange Commission, the Department of Labor, the FCC, and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies.  Adverse decisions or regulations of these regulatory bodies could negatively impact our operations and costs of doing business.  Because of our smaller size, relatively smaller resources, more limited spectrum holdings, concentration of operations in a few states in major metropolitan areas, and composition of our current and prospective customer base, governmental regulations and orders can disproportionately increase our costs and affect our competitive position compared to other larger telecommunications providers. For example, legislative and regulatory bodies have raised issues and concerns and proposed new legislation limiting the ability of American companies to use certain foreign vendors to supply equipment, materials and other services used in the operation of our business. Recently members of Congress and certain regulatory agencies have expressed concern with regard to the US trade imbalance with China, the alleged violations of intellectual property rights by Chinese companies and potential security risks purchasing equipment and software from Chinese companies.  If new legislation or regulation is passed restricting the purchase of goods and services from certain countries, it could result in significant cost and the loss of certain economies of scale garnered from extensive negotiations. We are unable to predict the scope, pace or financial impact of regulations and other policy changes that could be adopted by the various governmental entities that oversee portions of our business.  As previously noted herein, a variety of changes in regulatory policies are under consideration and depending upon the outcomes, the changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Compliance with current or future federal, state, or local laws, regulations, rules, and ordinances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, including but not limited to, increasing our operating expenses or costs, requiring us to obtain new or additional authorizations or permits, requiring us to change our business and customer service processes, limiting our ability to attract and retain certain customer segments, increasing our costs and expenses to offer services, increasing the costs of our services to our customers, requiring system and network upgrades, requiring greater transparency for our services and network management techniques, lengthening the time required to develop and deploy new services or products, increasing cost of insurance coverage, requiring us to hire additional employees, requiring us to spend significant additional capital, limiting the capacity of our networks, limiting the services we can offer our customers, requiring us to change our business strategy and service plans.  A failure to meet, or maintain compliance with, federal, state or local regulations, laws, rules or ordinances also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, including, but not limited to, subjecting us to fines, forfeitures, penalties, license revocations, or other sanctions, including the imposition of mandatory reporting requirements and corporate monitors, limitations on our ability to participate in future FCC auctions or acquisitions of spectrum, and compliance programs and corporate monitors.  In addition, a material failure to comply with regulations or statutory requirements may limit our ability to draw certain amounts under our senior secured credit facility or could result in a default under our senior secured credit facility or the indentures governing our senior notes. \n In addition, certain wireless companies who have participated in spectrum auctions as designated entities have become the target of qui tam lawsuits claiming that those wireless companies have defrauded the United States Government by investing in DEs, taking bidding credits and otherwise receiving benefits in FCC spectrum auctions to which such wireless companies were not entitled. Qui tam lawsuits generally are filed under seal in the first instance and companies may not know that they are a target of such a lawsuit unless and until it is made public.  The person bringing the suit may share in any recovery by the government, which encourages lawsuits of this kind.  If we become the target of a qui tam lawsuit resulting from our acquisition of spectrum originally granted to a DE, the resulting distraction to management and costs to defend may be material.  If we become a target of a qui tam lawsuit and either is found to have defrauded the government, the damages may include civil penalties of up to $11,000 for each claim, plus a penalty of three times the amount of the damages sustained by the government, and may include the revocation of any licenses held by us, which were granted as a result of such fraud.  If we lost those licenses originally acquired by a DE or if we are required to repay the bidding credits they received, or to pay damages and civil penalties under a qui tam lawsuit, or an audit concluded that we had not complied with the DE requirements, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n New rules regarding net neutrality may have a material adverse effect on our business \n In 2010, the FCC enacted new “net neutrality” rules based on three core principles of (1) transparency, (2) no blocking, and (3) no unreasonable discrimination. Mobile broadband Internet providers, such as us, are subject to transparency disclosure requirements and a requirement that such carriers would not block access to lawful websites or applications that compete with such carriers voice or video telephony application.  These rules became effective on November 20, 2011. These new rules will permit broadband service providers to exercise “reasonable network management” for legitimate management purposes, such as management of congestion, harmful traffic, and network security. The rules also permit usage-based billing, and permit broadband service providers to offer additional specialized services such as facilities-based IP voice services, without being subject to restrictions on discrimination. These rules are subject to interpretation and have not been applied by the FCC or reviewed by the courts.  The rules have also been challenged before the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit by us and others, and we are unable to predict the outcome of these appeals. Prior to the effective date of such rules, we already have been the subject of third party challenges at the FCC to the manner in which we are configuring and managing our wireless broadband mobile Internet access services and network.  These challenges, and others that might follow, could limit our ability to offer differentiated services, and to price our services to be competitive with other providers of broadband Internet access services.  They have and could in the future subject us to negative publicity and damage to our reputation and good will, and could distract the attention of management and resources of the company.  These net neutrality rules will be enforced based on a case by case complaint basis and may adversely affect our business by limiting our ability to manage our customers' use of our network, requiring us to provide third party access to our networks on terms and conditions that jeopardize our flat-rate, unlimited usage pricing plans or constrain our ability to offer innovative differentiated services, or could limit our ability to offer our services on a competitive basis with other providers, or require us to disclose information that may subject us to further litigation.  Our ability to employ network management techniques, or to manage bandwidth-intensive applications or uses, may be impaired in a manner that reduces the quality of our services for all customers. The result could be a decline in the quality of our services.  If any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n General Matters \n Our stock price has historically been, and may continue to be, volatile and you may lose all or some of your investment. \n The trading prices of the securities of telecommunications companies historically have been highly volatile. In particular, the trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to be, subject to wide fluctuations. Our stock price may fluctuate in reaction to a number of events and factors that may include, among other things: \n • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our or our competitors' operating and financial results; \n • introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors or changes in service plans or pricing by us or our competitors; \n • analyst projections, analyst target prices for our securities and changes in, or our failure to meet, securities analysts' expectations; \n • entry of new competitors into our markets or perceptions of increased price competition, including a price war; \n • concentration of offered services and assets in the U.S., in particular limited major metropolitan areas; \n • changes in our credit rating or future prospects; \n • disruptions of our operations or service providers necessary to our network operations; \n • seasonal effects on, or other variations in, our customer base and our business metrics, including churn and net gains; \n • market perceptions relating to our services, network, handsets and deployment of our 4G LTE platform; \n • our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis that are attractive to our customers; \n • challenges to our intellectual property rights or claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others; \n • pending or threatened litigation or regulatory investigations; \n • adoption of or changes in governmental regulations and new accounting standards; \n • conditions and trends in the communications and high technology markets; \n • adverse publicity regarding our Company; \n • announcements of, rumors of, or the consummation of mergers, acquisitions, strategic alliances or significant agreements, or resources of, or lack of, any of the foregoing, by us or by our competitors; \n • announcements by us or competitors of significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; \n • announcement by us regarding the entering into, or termination of, material transactions or agreements; \n • sales of our common stock by our directors, executive officers or affiliates or significant stockholders; \n • the amount of short interest in our securities; \n • volatility in stock market prices and volumes, which is particularly common among securities of telecommunications companies; \n • the general state of the U.S. and world economies; \n • the availability or perceived availability of additional capital in general and our access to such capital; \n • availability of additional spectrum, whether by the announcement, commencement, bidding and closing of auctions for new spectrum or acquisitions of other businesses; \n • recruitment or departure of key personnel, management or board members; and \n • failure to timely file periodic reports. \n In addition, the stock market has been generally volatile and has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which may continue for the foreseeable future.  This volatility has had a significant impact on the trading price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in the telecommunications industry. The trading price of our stock has fallen significantly since our initial public offering. These changes frequently occur irrespective of the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the trading price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business, financial condition and operating results. The price volatility and continued decrease in our stock price could subject us to takeover bids, actions by the NYSE and possible losses for stockholders. \n Your ownership interest could be diluted by future issuances of shares that our Board has the authority to issue, and such future issuances or sales of such shares may adversely affect the market price of MetroPCS' common stock. \n We have registered all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity incentive compensation plans; thus, when we issue shares under these plans, the shares generally can be freely sold in the public market subject to any requirements under the Securities Act.  We also have granted certain of our stockholders the right to require us to register their shares of our common stock.  Our Articles of Incorporation currently allows us to have up to one billion shares of common stock outstanding which is substantially more than the number of shares of common stock currently outstanding. We also have filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which allows us to issue registered debt, equity and other securities, including common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and guarantees of debt securities, in addition to the amounts already outstanding. The securities registered under this universal shelf registration statement could be offered from time to time with little or no advance notice, separately or together, directly by us or through underwriters, at amounts, prices, interest rates and other terms and conditions to be determined at the time of any offering.  In addition, in connection with any potential transaction we may agree to issue additional shares of common stock and, depending on the amount we issue, we may need  shareholder approval.  If we register, or propose to register, any additional securities under the Securities Act, either for our own account or for the account of security holders exercising registration rights, or otherwise the number of shares subject to registration could increase and your interest could be significantly diluted and the sale of these shares may have a negative impact on the market price for our common stock. Further, the sale or issuance of a substantial amount of our common stock, or the possibility of such a sale, including sales by significant stockholders or executives of the Company, may reduce the market price of our common stock and could impede our ability to raise future capital through the issuance of equity securities at a time and at a price we deem appropriate. \n If we fail to manage our planned growth effectively and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. \n We have experienced rapid growth and development in a relatively short period of time and expect to continue to experience growth in the future. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud and to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC, collectively referred to as SOX.  SOX requires us to furnish a report of management's assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, and our management also is required to report on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. We regularly evaluate \n our internal controls, and our independent auditors annually attest to our internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with SOX.  Material weaknesses could result in inaccurate financial statements or other disclosures or failure to prevent fraud.  Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, or to successfully remediate any material weaknesses in a timely manner, we may not comply with SOX and our independent auditors would be unable to certify as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and our stock price could fall and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities or delisting from the NYSE. Further, any material weakness or failure of our internal controls, or the effectiveness of our internal controls, could result in a restatement of our financial statements which could also lead to a decline in our stock price. Inadequate internal controls also could harm our reputation, cause us to lose customers, or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Any restatement of our financial statements could have adverse consequences, including the triggering of an event of default under our senior secured credit facility and the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, our credit rating could be downgraded, which could result in an increase in our borrowing costs and make it more difficult to borrow funds on reasonable terms or at all,  the NYSE could begin delisting proceedings, and we could have stockholder litigation or SEC enforcement action, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The value of our FCC licenses may drop in the future as a result of volatility in the marketplace and the sale of additional spectrum by the FCC. \n The market value of FCC licenses has been subject to significant volatility in the past and the value of our licenses may continue to fluctuate based on market conditions, the availability of spectrum, whether through consolidation in the industry, by FCC regulatory action or auction, the availability of buyers and sellers, changes in our business plans, and the inability to ascertain the value of any license due to such volatility. The impact of the availability of spectrum from any future actions and auctions on license values is uncertain. While the value of these licenses is determined using a market approach for purposes of our impairment testing, those values differ from what would ultimately be realized in a sales transaction, which could be material. Intangible assets are by their nature not readily saleable and could be subject to significant delays in their liquidation. There can be no assurance of the market value of our FCC licenses or that the market value of our FCC licenses will not be volatile in the future, whether as a result of consolidation in the industry, the sale of spectrum by one or more carriers, the flexibility of options allowed for spectrum not currently used for wireless mobile broadband services, change in our business plans, or an FCC auction.  If the value of our licenses was to decline significantly, we could be forced to record non-cash impairment charges that could impact our ability to borrow additional funds. A significant impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our net income and on the carrying value of our licenses on our balance sheet, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Declines in our operating performance could ultimately result in an impairment of our indefinite-lived assets, including FCC licenses, or our long-lived assets, including property and equipment. \n We assess potential impairments to our long-lived assets, including property and equipment and certain intangible assets, when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess potential impairments to indefinite-lived intangible assets, including FCC licenses, annually and when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment condition may exist. The estimation of fair values or carrying values requires assumptions by management about factors that are highly uncertain and possibly volatile, including future cash flow, stock prices, discount rates and other factors.  If adverse economic conditions, poor consumer confidence, reduced consumer spending, volatile and decreasing stock prices, including our stock, continues for a period of time or we do not achieve our planned operating results, these factors may ultimately result in a non-cash impairment charge related to our long-lived assets and/or our indefinite-lived intangible assets. A significant impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and on the carrying value of our FCC licenses and/or our long-lived assets on our balance sheet, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Changes in interpretations of accounting requirements, changes in industry practice, the identification of errors or changes in management assumptions could require amendments to or restatements of financial information or disclosures included in this or prior filings with the SEC. \n We prepare our consolidated financial statement in accordance with GAAP and file such financial statements with the SEC in accordance with the SEC's rules and regulations.  The preparation of financial statements requires our management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting \n period.  We base our estimates on historical experience, our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other various assumptions and information that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances when made, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.  Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  Changes in accounting requirements or in guidance or interpretations related to such requirements, changes in industry practice, the identification of errors or changes in estimates or assumptions could require restatements of financial information or amendments to disclosures included in this or prior filings with the SEC. For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, see “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Item 7 of this Annual Report. If future events or assumptions differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, these events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. \n Taxing authorities may determine we owe additional taxes relating to various matters, which could adversely affect our financial results. \n As a taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service, as well as state and local tax authorities.  These tax audits and examinations may result in tax liabilities that differ materially from those that we have recorded in our consolidated financial statements.  Because the ultimate outcomes of these matters are uncertain, we can give no assurance as to whether an adverse result from one or more of them will have a material effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. \n Even with our current levels of indebtedness, we may incur additional indebtedness. \n The terms of the agreements governing our long-term indebtedness, subject to specified limitations, allow for the incurrence of additional indebtedness by us and our subsidiaries. Although we have substantial indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more debt under our senior secured credit facility and our indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, which could further reduce the cash we have available to invest in our operations as a result of our increased debt service obligations. In addition, the more leveraged we become, the more we, and in turn the holders of our securities, become exposed to the risks described above in the risk factor entitled “ Our operations require continued capital expenditures and a failure to make such capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. ” \n In order to provide additional flexibility, we have filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC to register debt, equity and other securities, including common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and guarantees of debt securities. The securities registered under this universal shelf registration statement could be offered from time to time with little or no advance notice, separately or together, directly by us or through underwriters, at amounts, prices, interest rates and other terms and conditions to be determined at the time of any offering. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available to us under our existing indebtedness or otherwise. Further, should we need to raise additional capital, the foreign ownership restrictions mandated by the FCC, and applicable to us, could limit our ability to attract additional equity financing outside the United States.  If we were able to obtain funds, it may not be on terms and conditions acceptable to us, which could limit or preclude our ability to pursue new opportunities, expand our service, upgrade our networks, engage in acquisitions, or purchase additional spectrum, thus limiting our ability to expand our business which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n To service our debt, we will require a significant amount of cash, which may not be available to us. \n Our ability to meet our existing or future debt obligations and to reduce our indebtedness will depend on our future performance and the other cash requirements of our business. Our performance, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic conditions, financial, competitive, business, political, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future to make payment on our debt will depend on the satisfaction of covenants in our senior secured credit facility, the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, other debt agreements and other agreements we may enter into in the future. Specifically, we will need to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests. We cannot assure you that we will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations at or above current levels or that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt or repay all of our indebtedness in a timely manner or on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to satisfy our financial covenants or generate sufficient cash to timely repay our debt, the lenders could accelerate the maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. As a result, we believe we may need to refinance all or a portion of our remaining existing indebtedness prior to its maturity. Disruptions in the financial markets or the general amount of debt refinancings occurring at the same time could make it more \n difficult to obtain debt or equity financing on reasonable terms or at all. \n Our outstanding debt is subject to a change in control provision and in the event of a change in control we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to fulfill our obligations. \n Under our indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes and the terms of our senior secured credit facility, upon the occurrence of a change in control as defined therein, we would be required to offer to repurchase all of our outstanding senior notes and repay our outstanding debt under our senior secured credit facility.  Under our indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, if certain “change of control” events occur, each holder of notes may require us to repurchase all of such holder's notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  We may not have sufficient access to funds at the time of the change in control event to make the required offer to repurchase or pay down our outstanding debt. Additionally, a default under the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes would result in a default under our senior secured credit facility. Any failure to make or complete a change in control offer would place us in default under our indentures and senior secured credit facility. \n Our senior secured credit facility and the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes include restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility. \n Our senior secured credit facility and indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes impose material operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions, subject in certain cases to ordinary course of business and other exceptions, may limit our ability to engage in some transactions, including the following: \n • incurring additional debt; \n • paying dividends, redeeming capital stock or making other restricted payments or investments; \n • selling or buying assets, properties or licenses; \n • developing assets, properties or licenses which we have or in the future may procure; \n • creating liens on assets; \n • participating in future FCC auctions of spectrum or private sales of spectrum; \n • engaging in mergers, acquisitions, business combinations, or other transactions; \n • merging, consolidating or disposing of assets; \n • entering into transactions with affiliates; and \n • placing restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments. \n These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain debt financing, repurchase stock, refinance or pay principal on our outstanding debt, complete acquisitions for cash or debt or react to changes in our operating environment or the economy. Any future debt that we incur may contain similar or more restrictive covenants. \n Any failure to comply with the restrictions of the senior secured credit facility or the indentures or supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, or certain current and any subsequent financing agreements may result in an event of default under these agreements, which in turn may result in defaults or acceleration of obligations under these agreements and other agreements, giving our lenders the right to terminate any commitments they had made to provide us with further funds and to require us to repay all amounts then outstanding. \n Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and our senior creditors would have a prior secured claim to any collateral securing the debt owed to them. \n Our ability to make payments on our debt, to repay our existing indebtedness when due, and to fund operations and significant planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to produce cash from operations is subject to a number of risks, including: \n • introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors, changes in service plans or pricing by us or our competitors, or promotional offers; \n • our ability to maintain our current cost structure; and \n • our ability to continue to grow our customer base and maintain our projected levels of churn. \n Our substantial debt service obligations could have important material consequences to you, including the following: \n • limiting our ability to borrow money or sell stock to fund working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, technological initiatives and other general corporate purposes; \n • making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; \n • increasing our vulnerability to general economic downturns and industry conditions and limiting our ability to withstand competitive pressure; \n • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the telecommunications industry; \n • limiting our ability to increase our capital expenditures to roll out new services or to upgrade our networks to new technologies; \n • limiting our ability to purchase additional spectrum or develop new metropolitan areas in the future; \n • reducing the amount of cash available for working capital needs, capital expenditures for existing and new markets and other corporate purposes by requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness; and \n • placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors who are less leveraged than we are. \n Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, a substantial portion of our debt, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facility, bears interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase, variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flow. While we have and may enter into agreements limiting our exposure to higher interest rates in the future, any such agreements may not offer complete protection from this risk, and any portion not subject to such agreements would have full exposure to higher interest rates. \n Settlements, judgments, restraints on our current or future manner of doing business or legal costs resulting from pending or future litigation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n We are regularly involved in a number of legal proceedings before various state and federal courts, the FCC, and state and local regulatory agencies. Such legal proceedings can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. Also, changes in the law or legal interpretations can affect the outcome of existing rules. The assessment of the outcome of legal proceedings, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control. The outcome of litigation, including amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or other resolution of litigation and other contingencies may differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements. In addition, litigation or similar proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future manner of doing business. Further, litigation could be costly to defend, divert management's attention from our business, and could subject us to substantial liability. Such potential outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition, of operating results, or ability to do business. We believe that any losses in excess of the amounts we accrue for such potential liability are remote, but as litigation is uncertain and any outcome thereof is uncertain, there is the potential for a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results as a result of one or more proceedings being resolved in a particular period in an amount in excess of that accrued by us. \n A portion of the voting power of our common stock is concentrated in limited number of stockholders, and their interests may be different from yours. \n A certain portion of the voting power of our capital stock is concentrated in the hands of a few stockholders some of which also have representatives who are members of our board of directors.  As a result, if such persons act together, they may have the ability to significantly influence whether required consents can be obtained and may have substantial control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors, changes in our capital structure, governance, stockholder approvals and the approval of any merger, consolidation or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. These stockholders may have different interests than the other holders of our common stock and may make decisions that are adverse to your interests. \n Our stockholder rights plan could prevent a change in control of our Company in instances in which some stockholders may believe a change in control is in their best interests. \n We have a stockholder rights plan, or Rights Plan. Pursuant to the Rights Plan, we have issued to our stockholders one preferred stock purchase right for each outstanding share of our common stock as of March 27, 2007. Each right, when exercisable, will entitle its holder to purchase from us a unit consisting of one one-thousandth of a share of series A junior participating preferred stock at $66.67 per share. Our Rights Plan is intended to protect stockholders in the event of an unfair or coercive offer to acquire our Company and to provide our board of directors with adequate time to evaluate unsolicited offers. The Rights Plan may prevent or make takeovers or unsolicited corporate transactions more difficult. The Rights Plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms that our board of directors does not believe are in our best interests and those of our stockholders and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. \n Conflicts of interest may arise because some of our directors are principals of our stockholders, and we have waived our rights to certain corporate opportunities. \n Our board of directors includes representatives of certain of our significant stockholders. Those stockholders and their respective affiliates may invest in entities that directly or indirectly compete with us, companies in which we transact business, or companies in which they are currently invested may already compete with us. As a result of these relationships, when conflicts between the interests of those stockholders or their respective affiliates and the interests of our other stockholders arise, these directors may not be disinterested.  Under Delaware law, transactions that we enter into in which a director or officer has a conflict of interest are generally permissible so long as (1) the material facts relating to the director's or officer's relationship or interest as to the transaction are disclosed to our board of directors and a majority of our disinterested directors approves the transaction, (2) the material facts relating to the director's or officer's relationship or interest as to the transaction are disclosed to our stockholders and a majority of our disinterested stockholders approves the transaction, or (3) the transaction is otherwise fair to us. Also, pursuant to the terms of our certificate of incorporation, our non-employee directors are not required to offer us any corporate opportunity of which they become aware and could take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to other companies in which they have an investment, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to them in their capacity as a director of our Company. \n Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware corporate law contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. \n Delaware law, as well as our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, contains provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company, even if it were beneficial to our stockholders to do so. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions: \n • authorize the issuance of preferred stock that can be created and issued by the board of directors without prior stockholder approval to increase the number of outstanding shares and deter or prevent a takeover attempt; \n • prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; \n • require stockholder meetings to be called only by the President or at the written request of a majority of the directors then in office and not the stockholders; \n • prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; \n • provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes, each serving three-year terms; and \n • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. \n In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law imposes restrictions on business combinations such as mergers between us and a holder of 15% or more of our voting stock. \n Any of the foregoing events or other events could cause revenues, customer additions, operating income, capital expenditures and other financial or statistical information to vary from our forward-looking estimates by a material amount.