In addition to the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, you should consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business, financial condition and operating results or an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness. Many of these risks, and the events which cause these risks, are beyond our control or our ability to predict. \n Although we describe below and elsewhere in this annual report the risks we consider to be the most material to our business, financial condition and operating results or an investment in our common stock or our indebtedness, there may be other known, unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other conditions, risks, events or factors that also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results in the future, or on an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness.  The probability or likelihood of a risk occurring or affecting our business, financial condition or operating results can change and change without notice and may vary over time or may be based on events or circumstances beyond our control.  In addition, past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results, performance or trends in future periods. Any information about our intentions, projections or forward looking statements in this annual report is a statement of our intentions, projections and forward looking statements as of the date of this annual report and is based upon, among other things, the regulatory, industry, competitive, economic and market conditions as of such date, as well as various of our assumptions at such time. We may change our intentions, projections or forward looking statements at any time and without notice, based upon any changes in such conditions, in our assumptions or otherwise. \n If any of the events, conditions, factors or risks described below, individually or in combination, were to occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, and an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness, could be materially adversely affected. \n Investors should also be aware that while we do communicate with securities analysts at various times, it is against our policy to disclose to them selectively any material non-public information or other confidential information. Accordingly, investors should not assume that we agree with any statement, financial report, prediction, or other report issued, provided or made by an analyst irrespective of the content of the statement, financial report, prediction or other report. To the extent that statements, predictions or reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such statements, predictions or reports are those of the securities analysts making such projections, forecasts or opinions and we have no responsibility for such projections, forecasts or opinions and we do not adopt them or necessarily agree with them. \n The risk factors described in this section have been separated into four groups for ease of review, including, (i) those risks associated with the Proposed Transaction with T-Mobile, (ii) those risk associated with our business, (iii) those risks related to legal and regulatory matters, and (iv) those other general risks relating to our capitalization and financing, among other things. We urge you to read carefully and consider thoroughly all risk factors in evaluating our business, financial condition and operating results, and in making any investment decision regarding an investment in our common stock or indebtedness. You also should be aware that the risk factors disclosed in all our filings with the SEC and other information contained in our filings with the SEC may not describe every risk facing our Company or that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, or that you should consider in investing or holding the securities of our Company. \n Risk Factors Relating to the T-Mobile Transaction \n The amount of our common stock and the cash payment to be issued or paid in the T-Mobile Transaction is fixed and will not be adjusted for changes in the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations of us or T-Mobile or in the event of any change in our stock price. \n Immediately following the T-Mobile Transaction, T-Mobile Holding or its designee will own 74% of the fully-diluted shares of our common stock outstanding and our equity holders immediately prior to the T-Mobile Transaction collectively will own the remaining 26% of fully-diluted MetroPCS common stock and will receive their pro rata share of the cash payment. These percentages and the cash payment are fixed in the Business Combination Agreement and will not be adjusted for changes in the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations of us or T-Mobile, or changes in the market price of, analyst estimates of, or projections relating, to our common stock. For example, if T-Mobile were to experience a decline in its business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations prior to the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, while we experienced an improvement in its business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition and results of operations prior to the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, there would be no adjustment in the overall ownership percentages in the combined company or the amount of the cash payment as described above. \n The T-Mobile Transaction is conditioned on the receipt of approvals from various governmental entities, which may not approve the transaction, may delay the approvals, or may impose conditions or restrictions on, jeopardize or delay completion of, or reduce the anticipated benefits of, the T-Mobile Transaction. \n Completion of the T-Mobile Transaction is conditioned upon filings with, and, in certain cases, the receipt of governmental authorizations, consents, orders or other approvals from, governmental entities, including the FTC, the Antitrust Division, the FCC, the CFIUS and, if applicable, state public utility or service commissions and foreign authorities. We have made or plan to make initial filings with each of these governmental entities where required; however, we received a request for additional information on November 19, 2012 from the Antitrust Division, to which we have responded, and the applicable waiting period under U.S. antitrust laws has not yet expired or been terminated and the other governmental entities have not concluded their review and/or yet provided the requisite authorizations, consents, orders or other approvals. \n There is no assurance that all of these required authorizations, consents, orders and other approvals will be obtained, and, if they are obtained, they may not be obtained before you vote on the proposals relating to the T-Mobile Transaction. Moreover, if they are obtained, they may require actions or impose restrictions, limitations or conditions on the assets, businesses, licenses or product lines of us or T-Mobile. The Business Combination Agreement requires the parties to satisfy any actions, or to agree to any restrictions, limitations or conditions, in each case with respect to any of the assets, businesses, licenses or product lines of us, Deutsche Telekom, T-Mobile, any of their respective subsidiaries, or any combination thereof, unless it would have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations of us, T-Mobile and their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole. It is possible that such actions, restrictions, limitations or \n conditions may have an adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations of us or T-Mobile, but not qualify as a material adverse effect under the Business Combination Agreement. These required actions, restrictions, limitations and conditions also may jeopardize or delay completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, reduce the anticipated benefits of the T-Mobile Transaction or allow the parties to terminate the T-Mobile Transaction. \n Failure to complete the T-Mobile Transaction, or a delay in completing the T-Mobile Transaction, could negatively impact our stock price and the future business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition and results of operations of us, T-Mobile and/or the combined company. \n If the T-Mobile Transaction is not completed, MetroPCS' ongoing business may be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock may decline, particularly to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the T-Mobile Transaction will be completed. If closing is delayed, including by a delay in receipt of necessary governmental approvals or by the receipt of a competing proposal, the ongoing businesses, financial condition and results of operations of us and T-Mobile may be adversely affected. Additionally, if the T-Mobile Transaction is not completed, we, under certain circumstances, may be required to pay Deutsche Telekom $150 million. Any of the foregoing, or other risks arising in connection with the failure of or delay in completing the T-Mobile Transaction, including the diversion of management attention from pursuing other opportunities and operating the ongoing business during the pendency of the T-Mobile Transaction, may have an adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations of us and/or T-Mobile. \n The Business Combination Agreement contains provisions that could affect whether a potential competing acquirer of MetroPCS makes a competing proposal or that could delay the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. \n The Business Combination Agreement contains “no shop” provisions that, subject to limited exceptions, restricts our ability to solicit, encourage, facilitate or discuss competing third-party proposals to acquire our stock or assets. Further, while the our Board is permitted to make a recommendation change to the stockholders with respect to the T-Mobile Transaction under certain circumstances, unless Deutsche Telekom terminates the Business Combination Agreement, we nonetheless will be required to submit the proposals to a stockholder vote at the special meeting. This requirement, which is often called a “force the vote” provision, means that we do not have the right before the stockholder vote to terminate the Business Combination Agreement to accept a superior proposal. In addition, Deutsche Telekom generally has an opportunity to offer to modify the terms of its proposal in response to a competing superior acquisition proposal, as well as an updated competing superior acquisition proposal, before the our Board makes a recommendation change with respect to the T-Mobile Transaction. This requirement is commonly called a “match right.” In some circumstances, upon termination of the Business Combination Agreement we will be required to pay a termination fee of $150 million to Deutsche Telekom. \n These provisions may affect whether a potential competing acquirer will make a proposal to acquire us, even if it were prepared to pay consideration with a higher per share value than the market value proposed to be received or realized in the T-Mobile Transaction. These provisions also might result in a potential competing acquirer proposing to pay a lower price than it might otherwise have proposed to pay because of the added expense of the $150 million termination fee that may become payable in certain circumstances or the possible delay in executing such transaction as a result of having to wait until after our stockholder vote on the proposals contained in the proxy statement to be distributed to stockholder in connection with a special meeting relating to the T-Mobile Transaction. Further, because T-Mobile is a private company, a third party may have difficulty establishing that a competing proposal constitutes a higher value proposal than the current T-Mobile Transaction. Moreover, the submission of a competing acquisition proposal could distract management, which could delay the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction and could have an adverse effect on our business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations. Any delay in completing the T-Mobile Transaction also could reduce the benefits, cost and capital expenditure savings and synergies from combining the businesses of us and T-Mobile. \n If the Business Combination Agreement is terminated and we determine to seek another business combination, it may not be able to negotiate a transaction with another party on terms comparable to or better than the terms of the T-Mobile Transaction. \n Some of MetroPCS' and T-Mobile's existing agreements contain change in control or early termination rights that may be implicated by the T-Mobile Transaction, and exclusivity, commitment or minimum purchase provisions in some of our existing agreement may limit the combined company's business. \n Some of our and T-Mobile's existing contracts contain provisions that allow the counterparty to terminate the agreement after a specified period following a change of control of MetroPCS and/or T-Mobile. If a third party has such a right and were to exercise its right to terminate an agreement as a result of the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, such termination could \n disrupt our and/or T-Mobile's existing operations and adversely affect our business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial conditions and results of operations. For example, renewal of our roaming agreements allows the counterparty to terminate or limit the benefits of the roaming agreements in connection with a change of control. If such counterparty were to do so, it could reduce the area in which our customers can receive service outside of our network coverage area. In addition, some of our existing contracts contain exclusivity, commitment or minimum purchase provisions that will continue to apply to the combined company after the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. These exclusivity, commitment or minimum purchase provisions could limit the combined company's ability take advantage of certain opportunities in specified geographic areas which could reduce some of the anticipated benefits from the T-Mobile Transaction or its ability to achieve the planned synergies. The combined company may be required to enter into agreements for similar services with other third parties or renegotiate its existing agreements to avoid such a disruption or restrictions. \n MetroPCS and T-Mobile are subject to various uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the T-Mobile Transaction is pending that could disrupt their potential businesses and could adversely affect their businesses, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlooks, financial conditions and results of operations. \n Uncertainty about the effect of the T-Mobile Transaction on employees, customers, suppliers, vendors, distributors, dealers and retailers may have an adverse effect on us and/or T-Mobile. These uncertainties may impair our and/or T-Mobile's ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, dealers and retailers until the T-Mobile Transaction is completed and for a period of time thereafter, as employees and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. Additionally, these uncertainties could cause customers, suppliers, distributors, dealers, retailers and others who deal with us or T-Mobile to seek to change existing business relationships with us or T-Mobile or fail to extend an existing relationship with us or T-Mobile. Suppliers, distributors and content and application providers may also delay or cease developing new products for us or T-Mobile that are necessary for the operations of their respective businesses due to the uncertainty created by the T-Mobile Transaction. In particular, because the T-Mobile Transaction contemplates a discontinuance of our existing network technology over time, current suppliers, including handset suppliers, may choose not to invest in, may delay, or may cease developing or supporting, new handsets for us that are necessary for us to compete effectively or to meet the demands, requirements or expectations of its customers. In addition, existing competitors may target our or T-Mobile's existing customers by highlighting potential uncertainties and integration difficulties that may result from the T-Mobile Transaction. \n We have a small number of key personnel. The pursuit of the T-Mobile Transaction and the preparation for the integration may place a burden on management and internal resources. Any significant diversion of management attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect our and/or T-Mobile's financial results. \n In addition, the Business Combination Agreement restricts each of us and T-Mobile, without the other's consent, from taking certain actions outside of the ordinary course of business while the T-Mobile Transaction is pending. These restrictions may prevent us and/or T-Mobile from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities and making other changes to their respective businesses prior to completion of the T-Mobile Transaction or termination of the business combination agreement. \n Certain stockholders have opposed the T-Mobile Transaction, including by filing lawsuits and preliminary proxy materials to solicit proxies in opposition to the T-Mobile Transaction. Stockholder opposition or an adverse ruling in any such lawsuit may delay or prevent the T-Mobile Transaction from being completed. \n Since the announcement on October 3, 2012 of the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, MetroPCS, Deutsche Telekom, Global, Holding, T-Mobile and the members of the our Board including an officer, have been named as defendants in multiple stockholder derivative and class action complaints challenging the T-Mobile Transaction. The lawsuits generally allege, among other things, that the T-Mobile Transaction fails to properly value MetroPCS and that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties in approving the business combination agreement and, in some of the lawsuits, that those breaches were aided and abetted by Deutsche Telekom, Global, Holding and T-Mobile. The lawsuits seek, among other things, injunctive relief enjoining the defendants from completing the T-Mobile Transaction on the agreed-upon terms, monetary relief, punitive damages, and attorneys' fees and costs. \n One of the conditions to the closing of the T-Mobile Transaction is that no governmental entity has enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, decree or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. Consequently, if the plaintiffs secure injunctive or other relief prohibiting, delaying, or otherwise adversely affecting the defendants' ability to complete the T-Mobile Transaction, then such injunctive or other relief may prevent the T-Mobile Transaction from becoming effective within the expected time frame or at all. In addition, the parties could incur \n significant costs in connection with the lawsuits, including costs associated with the defense and indemnification of our directors and officers. \n In addition, one of our stockholders has filed preliminary proxy materials to solicit proxies in opposition to the T-Mobile Transaction, and a significant stockholder of ours, Paulson & Co., has publicly stated that it is considering opposing the T-Mobile Transaction. Stockholder opposition may delay the T-Mobile Transaction, or may prevent us from obtaining the necessary stockholder approvals to complete the T-Mobile Transaction. Any delay could allow the other parties to the T-Mobile Transaction to terminate the Business Combination Agreement if the closing is delayed beyond the outside date provided therein. If completion of the T-Mobile Transaction is prevented or delayed, it could result in substantial costs to the parties. \n Directors and executive officers of MetroPCS have interests in the T-Mobile Transaction that may be different from, or in addition to, those of other stockholders of MetroPCS, which could have influenced their decisions to support or approve the T-Mobile Transaction. \n In considering whether to approve the proposals at the special meeting, you should recognize that all of our directors and executive officers may have interests in the T-Mobile Transaction that may differ from, or that are in addition to, your interests as our stockholder. These interests include, among others, continued service as a director or an executive officer of the combined company, employment or consulting arrangements, acceleration of awards under our equity incentive compensation plans, elections to cash out stock options in certain circumstances, arrangements that provide for severance benefits if certain executive officers' employment is terminated under certain circumstances following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction and rights to indemnification and directors' and officers' liability insurance that will survive the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. Our Board and the special committee were aware of these interests during the time that the Business Combination Agreement was being negotiated and at the time they approved the T-Mobile Transaction. These interests may cause our directors and executive officers to view the T-Mobile Transaction differently than you may view it as a stockholder. \n There are risks associated with the reverse stock split, including that the reverse stock split may not result in a proportionate increase in the per share price of our common stock. \n If we complete the T-Mobile Transaction, we will effect a 1-for-2 reverse stock split as of the effective time and make the cash payment. We cannot predict whether or to what extent the reverse stock split will proportionately increase the market price of our common stock in comparison to the reduction in the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding before the reverse stock split or what effect the cash payment will have on the price of our common stock. The market price of our common stock may decrease following the T-Mobile Transaction for various reasons, including due to the reverse stock split or to account for other factors, including the combined company's performance, businesses, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlooks, financial conditions, results of operations, analyst reports and projections, and broader market conditions that are unrelated to the number of shares of our common stock outstanding or the cash payment. As a result, there can be no assurance that the reverse stock split will proportionately increase the market price of our stock, that the market price of our common stock will reflect the cash payment, or that the market price of our common stock will remain at a higher value for any significant length of time after completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. \n A significant stockholder of MetroPCS executed a voting and support agreement in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction, and that voting and support agreement is binding on such stockholder, even if our Board changes its recommendation to the MetroPCS stockholders. \n Concurrent with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Madison Dearborn Capital Partners IV, L.P., which we refer to as Madison Dearborn, an approximate 8.32% holder of our common stock, entered into a voting and support agreement with Deutsche Telekom, which we refer to as the support agreement, pursuant to which Madison Dearborn agreed to vote all shares of its our common stock (i) in favor of the required MetroPCS stockholder approvals and (ii) against certain third party proposals to acquire us and against any other actions that could reasonably be expected to materially impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the T-Mobile Transaction or any other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. The support agreement is binding on Madison Dearborn, even if our Board changes its recommendation to the MetroPCS stockholders with respect to the required MetroPCS stockholder approvals; provided that, the support agreement will terminate in the event Deutsche Telekom elects to terminate the Business Combination Agreement due to a change in the recommendation of our Board. \n If the reverse stock split and cash payment do not qualify as a recapitalization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the Code, the MetroPCS stockholders may be required to pay additional U.S. federal income taxes. \n For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we believe the reverse stock split and cash payment should be integrated and treated as a recapitalization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the Code. There can be no assurance, however, that the Internal Revenue Service, which we refer to as the IRS, or the courts will agree with such treatment. If the IRS or a court were to determine that the reverse stock split and cash payment should not be treated as a recapitalization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the Code, the MetroPCS stockholders might be required to treat the cash payment as ordinary income. \n In connection with the T-Mobile Transaction, MetroPCS, T-Mobile and/or the combined company may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could negatively impact the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition and results of operations of MetroPCS, T-Mobile and/or the combined company. \n Although we and T-Mobile have conducted extensive due diligence in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction, we cannot assure you that this diligence revealed all material issues that may be present, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of our and T-Mobile's control will not later arise. Even if our and T-Mobile's due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our and T-Mobile's preliminary risk analysis. Further, as a result of the T-Mobile Transaction, purchase accounting, and the proposed operation of the combined company going forward, MetroPCS, T-Mobile and/or the combined company may be required to make write-offs or writedowns, restructuring and impairment or other charges. As a result, we, T-Mobile and/or the combined company may be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure its operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could negatively impact the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition and results of operations of us, T-Mobile and/or the combined company. \n Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following the T-Mobile Transaction \n Even following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, the combined company will continue to face intense competition from other competitors, some of which have greater resources than the combined company, and such competition may intensify in the future. \n The U.S. wireless telecommunications industry is highly competitive with a range of diversified competitors. After the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, the combined company will have increased spectrum assets, network coverage and capacity, and improved marketing and purchasing scale. However, following the T-Mobile Transaction, the combined company will remain the fourth largest wireless carrier in the United States, and the combined company's relative competitive position will present risks associated with scale, brand positioning, and perception of network coverage and quality. Several of the combined company's competitors are larger companies that have better-developed brands and brand awareness; greater spectrum and capital resources; better networks and support systems; substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and marketing resources and bargaining power; greater access to capital on better terms, cash reserves, and spectrum holdings; larger geographic coverage areas, roaming territories, and third-party distribution networks; better in-building coverage; unique intellectual property; greater numbers of customers; exclusive distributorship arrangements for certain popular brands of handsets, applications and content; and more advanced technology. The combined company will face a long-term challenge to compete effectively in terms of pricing, products, coverage, and new technologies and services. Some competitors operate using alternative business models that have the potential to affect negatively the combined company's ability to attract and retain customers. All of the foregoing may affect the combined company's ability to compete successfully. \n The failure to integrate successfully the businesses of MetroPCS and T-Mobile in the expected time frame could adversely affect the combined company's future results following the T-Mobile Transaction. \n The success of the T-Mobile Transaction will depend, in large part, on the ability of the combined company to realize the anticipated benefits, including projected synergies and cost savings, from combining our business with T-Mobile's business. To realize these anticipated benefits, the businesses of us and T-Mobile must be successfully integrated. This integration will be complex and time-consuming and may divert management's time and attention from the business. The failure to integrate successfully and to manage successfully the challenges presented by the integration process may result in the combined company not achieving the anticipated benefits of the T-Mobile Transaction. \n • The parties may encounter numerous potential difficulties in the integration process, including the following: \n • being unable to integrate successfully the businesses of MetroPCS and T-Mobile in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings anticipated to result from the T-Mobile Transaction; \n • migrating our customers to the combined company's T-Mobile based global system for mobile communications, which we refer to as GSM, evolved high speed packet access, which we refer to as HSPA+, and LTE networks; \n • integrating our and T-Mobile's existing information and billing systems, cell sites, customer service programs and distributed antenna systems; \n • decommissioning our networks; \n • integrating and adding T-Mobile's technology to our cell sites and distributed antenna systems; \n • combining our and T-Mobile's product and service offerings, subscriber plans, customer service, and sales and marketing approaches; \n • preserving subscriber, supplier, vendor, content provider, dealer, retailer, and other important relationships; \n • resolving complexities associated with managing the larger combined company; \n • addressing the potential effect of the T-Mobile Transaction on our and T-Mobile's business and relationships with employees, customers, suppliers, vendors, content providers, distributors, dealers, retailers, regulators and the communities in which they operate; \n • addressing the potential difficulty in coordinating geographically dispersed organizations and business headquarters; \n • addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies; \n • integrating personnel from the two companies while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality products and services; \n • retaining key employees and members of management of us and T-Mobile; \n • encountering difficulties in consolidating and preparing the combined company's financial statements, or having to restate the financial statements of the combined company; \n • addressing the potential difficulty in maintaining cost controls during the integration process; \n • discharging and otherwise addressing potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the T-Mobile Transaction; and \n • experiencing performance shortfalls at one or both of us and T-Mobile as a result of the diversion of management's attention caused by completing the T-Mobile Transaction and integrating their operations. \n Many of the anticipated synergies from the T-Mobile Transaction may not be realized for a significant period of time after the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, if at all, and will require substantial capital expenditures to be fully realized. \n The success of the T-Mobile Transaction will depend, in part, on the ability of the combined company to realize the anticipated synergies as a result of the T-Mobile Transaction. Many of the anticipated synergies are not expected to occur for a significant time period following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction and will require substantial capital expenditures in the near term to be fully realized. Many of the anticipated synergies will only occur, if at all, after these substantial capital expenditures or expenses have been incurred. Even if the combined company is able to integrate the two companies successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits of the synergies that are currently expected or the achievement of these benefits within the anticipated time frame or at all. \n The combined company's future results could suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded business, operations and employee base following the T-Mobile Transaction. \n The size of the combined company's business, operations and employee base following the T-Mobile Transaction will be greater than the stand-alone size of either us or T-Mobile's business, operations and employee base prior to the T-Mobile Transaction and will include two separate business units headquartered in different cities. The combined company's future success depends, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, operations and employee base, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. No assurances can be given that the combined company will successfully manage its expanded business, operations and employee base following the T-Mobile Transaction. \n The combined company's results of operations after the T-Mobile Transaction may be affected by factors different than those currently affecting our and T-Mobile's separate results of operations. \n T-Mobile's business differs from our business. For example, we provide wireless services based on a no-annual contract model, while T-Mobile provides wireless services largely based on an annual contract model, in addition to no-contract plans. The combined company's results of operations, as well as the price of the combined company's common stock after the T-Mobile Transaction, may be affected by factors different than those currently affecting our or T-Mobile's results of operations and our stock price. The price of the combined company's common stock may fluctuate significantly following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, including as a result of factors over which we and T-Mobile have no control. In addition, T-Mobile is a privately-held corporation and, therefore, there is no public valuation of T-Mobile's business. Due in part to this lack of \n existing public valuation, we cannot predict the price at which the combined company's common stock may trade after the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. \n The combined company is expected to incur substantial expenses related to the T-Mobile Transaction and the integration of us and T-Mobile. \n The combined company is expected to incur substantial expenses in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction and the integration of us and T-Mobile. There are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, staff, functions, technologies and systems that must be integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, legal, regulatory, sales, inventory forecasting, billing, payroll, marketing, customer service and benefits. While we and T-Mobile have assumed that a certain level of these expenses would be incurred and that such integration could be accomplished within a certain period of time, there are many factors beyond their control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the expenses. Moreover, many of these expenses are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. These expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that the parties expect to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale. These integration expenses likely will result in the combined company taking significant charges against earnings following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. The amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at present. \n Following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, the combined company will be controlled by Deutsche Telekom, and Deutsche Telekom will continue to have approval rights over certain actions taken by the combined company as long as it beneficially owns 30% or more of the combined company's common stock. The interests of Deutsche Telekom may differ from the interests of other stockholders of the combined company. \n Immediately following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, Deutsche Telekom will beneficially own and possess voting power over approximately 74% of the fully diluted shares of the combined company's common stock. Under the stockholder's agreement to be entered into as provided in the business combination agreement, which we refer to as the stockholder's agreement, Deutsche Telekom may acquire additional shares of the combined company's common stock up to an aggregate of 80.1% of the combined company's common stock without the combined company board's approval. \n Through its control of the combined company's voting power and the provisions set forth in the new certificate of incorporation and the stockholder's agreement, Deutsche Telekom will have the ability to elect a majority of the combined company's directors, hire or fire the Chief Executive Officer, and control all other matters requiring the approval of the combined company's stockholders. As a result, the combined company will be a “controlled company” as defined in the NYSE listing rules and will, therefore, not be subject to NYSE requirements that would otherwise require the combined company to have (i) a majority of independent directors, (ii) a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors, (iii) compensation of its executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors, and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for the board's selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors. \n In addition, the new certificate of incorporation and the stockholder's agreement will restrict the combined company's ability to take certain actions without Deutsche Telekom's prior written consent as long as Deutsche Telekom beneficially owns 30% or more of the outstanding shares of the combined company's common stock, including the ability to enter into acquisitions of any business, debt or equity interests, operations or assets of any person for consideration in excess of $1 billion, sale of any division, business, operations or equity interests of the combined company or any of its subsidiaries for consideration in excess of $1 billion or hire or fire the Chief Executive Officer. These restrictions could prevent the combined company from taking actions that the combined company's board determines are in the best interests of the combined company and its stockholders or that the other non-Deutsche Telekom stockholders determine are in their best interest. \n Deutsche Telekom will also have control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election or removal of directors, changes in our capital structure, transactions requiring stockholder approval under Delaware law and corporate governance. As a holder of a substantial amount of equity and debt of the combined company, Deutsche Telekom may have different interests than other holders of MetroPCS common stock and may make decisions adverse to your interests. For example, a substantial amount of the combined company's cash flow will be used to pay the interest and make principle repayments on the indebtedness held by Deutsche Telekom. In addition, Deutsche Telekom's interests may shift if it transfers a substantial amount of its equity holdings in the combined company while retaining its large credit position. For example, if the combined company encounters financial difficulties, the interests of Deutsche Telekom as a creditor of the combined company might conflict with stockholders' interests. This concentrated control and these approval rights could delay, defer, or prevent a change in control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the combined companies' assets that the combined company's other stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the \n consummation of such a transaction that the combined company's other stockholders do not support. In addition, this concentrated control and these approval rights could discourage a potential investor from seeking to acquire the combined company's common stock and, as a result, might harm the market price of the combined company's common stock. \n Following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, Deutsche Telekom will be permitted to transfer shares of the combined company's common stock in any transaction that would result in the transferee owning 30% or less of the outstanding shares of the combined company's common stock, and any control or other purchase price premium Deutsche Telekom receives from such transfer need not be shared with the rest of the combined company's stockholders. \n Pursuant to the stockholder's agreement, Deutsche Telekom will be prohibited from transferring any shares of the combined company's common stock in any transaction that would result in the transferee owning more than 30% of the outstanding shares of the combined company's common stock unless such transferee offers to acquire all of the then outstanding shares of the combined company's common stock at the same price and on the same terms and conditions as the proposed transfer from Deutsche Telekom. However, Deutsche Telekom will be permitted to transfer shares of the combined company's common stock, without requiring the transferee to acquire all such other outstanding shares, in any transaction that would result in the transferee owning 30% or less of the outstanding shares of the combined company's common stock. In the event Deutsche Telekom receives a control or other purchase price premium from such transfer of its shares only, it will not be obligated to share such premium with the rest of the combined company's stockholders. \n Following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, Deutsche Telekom will be subject to a six month lock-up period with respect to its shares of the combined company's common stock, after which, subject to limited restrictions, it will be permitted to transfer freely its shares of the combined company's common stock, which could have a negative impact on the combined company's stock price. \n Following the completion of the T-Mobile Transaction, Deutsche Telekom will be prohibited from transferring any shares of the combined company's common stock for six months. However, following such six-month period, Deutsche Telekom will be permitted, subject to limited restrictions, to transfer freely its shares of the combined company's common stock without notice. Any such transfer could significantly increase the number of the combined company's shares available in the market, which could cause a decrease in the combined company's stock price. In addition, even if Deutsche Telekom does not transfer a large number of its shares into the market, its right to transfer a large number of shares into the market may depress the combined company's stock price. \n The combined company does not have a contractual right to make indemnification claims against Deutsche Telekom for the breach of any representations, warranties or covenants made by Deutsche Telekom or its subsidiaries in the business combination agreement. \n Under the Business Combination Agreement, the combined company does not have a right to make contractual indemnification claims against Deutsche Telekom after the closing, including for a breach by Deutsche Telekom or its subsidiaries (including T-Mobile or its subsidiaries) of the representations and warranties made to us or for a violation by Deutsche Telekom or its subsidiaries (including T-Mobile or its subsidiaries) of certain covenants and agreements in the Business Combination Agreement. \n This limitation does not affect any other entitlement, remedy or recourse permitted by law that the combined company may have against Deutsche Telekom or its subsidiaries, including the right to specific performance set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Such action may be brought by the combined company at the direction of a majority of the directors of the combined company not affiliated with Deutsche Telekom. However, because Deutsche Telekom will appoint a majority of the directors, including some directors not affiliated with Deutsche Telekom, such Deutsche Telekom appointees that are not affiliated with Deutsche Telekom can vote against such suit. Because such directors may constitute a majority of the unaffiliated directors, the combined company may not bring suit even though it may be in the best interests of the stockholders other than Deutsche Telekom. \n The combined company will incur substantial indebtedness in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction. \n The parties intend to finance the T-Mobile Transaction, and refinance our and T-Mobile's existing indebtedness, with up to $18.5 billion in senior unsecured debt financing through the issuance of debt securities to Deutsche Telekom and third-party investors. As a result, the combined company is expected to have long-term indebtedness that will be substantially greater than either or our or T-Mobile's long-term indebtedness prior to the T-Mobile Transaction and related refinancing. This new indebtedness will increase the related risks we now face with its current indebtedness. \n A substantial majority of the indebtedness that would be incurred in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction will be subject to significant limitations on redemption, which may impede the refinancing of such indebtedness. \n The $15.0 billion notes to be purchased by Deutsche Telekom, as well as the $2.5 billion notes and $1.0 billion notes (if purchased by Deutsche Telekom or issued by Wireless on or prior to the closing date of the T-Mobile Transaction), may only be redeemed, prior to certain specified dates for each series, if the combined company or T-Mobile pays a customary “make whole” premium at the time of redemption. Such make whole premium may be significant, and may make it financially prohibitive for the combined company to refinance such series prior to such dates to take advantage of lower interest rates which may become available for the combined company's debt or in connection with pursuing other business opportunities. \n A substantial portion of the indebtedness that would be incurred in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction is subject to a pricing “reset” that may materially increase the interest rates applicable to that indebtedness. \n $7.5 billion of the $15.0 billion notes to be purchased by Deutsche Telekom, and 50% of any of the $2.5 billion notes and $1.0 billion notes purchased by Deutsche Telekom, will be subject to a pricing “reset” that will cause the interest rate of the relevant debt securities to be recalculated according to a formula which depends in part upon designated indices and other benchmark debt securities, only a portion of which is calculated based on the trading prices of our indebtedness. This reset will occur, for each series of the debt securities, either two, two and a half or three years after the issue date of the debt securities. As a result of the pricing reset feature, as of the reset date for each applicable series of debt securities, a material increase in the combined company's interest expense could result with respect to such series as of the reset date, which would increase its interest and financing costs, decrease its net income and further increase the related risks we now face with its current indebtedness. \n Interest rates for such benchmark indices and debt securities are highly sensitive to many factors, including domestic and international economic and political conditions, policies of governmental and regulatory agencies, developments affecting the results or prospects of the issuer of the benchmark securities or of securities referenced in the benchmark indices, and other factors beyond the combined company's control. As a result, a significant increase in these interest rates at the time that the interest rates applicable to relevant debt securities are recalculated could have an adverse effect on the combined company's financial position and results of operations. \n The combined company's working capital revolving credit facility subjects the combined company to interest rate changes. \n The entire amount of indebtedness outstanding from time to time under the combined company's $500 million working capital revolving credit facility will bear interest at floating rates. While the combined company will be permitted to hedge against higher interest rates, there is no assurance it will be able to do so or will do so on commercially reasonable terms. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including domestic and international economic and political conditions, policies of governmental and regulatory agencies and other factors beyond the combined company's control. An increase in benchmark interest rates could cause a material increase in the combined company's interest expense, which would increase its financing costs, decrease its net income and further increase the related risks we now face with its current indebtedness. \n Upon a change in control triggering event, the combined company may be required to offer to repurchase all of the debt securities to be issued in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction; the combined company may not have the ability to finance such repurchase. \n Upon a change in control triggering event, as described in Exhibit G to the Business Combination Agreement, the combined company may be required to offer to repurchase all of the debt securities to be issued in connection with the T-Mobile Transaction and the Wireless existing notes, in an aggregate principal amount of up to $20.5 billion, at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase. In addition, pursuant to a noteholder agreement between the combined company and Deutsche Telekom, in the event of a change in control that is not caused by Deutsche Telekom, Deutsche Telekom will have the right to require the combined company to redeem any of the notes held by Deutsche Telekom, even if a change in control triggering event has not occurred. If a change in control triggering event, or an event requiring it to purchase notes held by Deutsche Telekom, were to occur, the combined company may not have sufficient funds to pay the change in control purchase price and may be required to obtain third-party financing in order to do so. However, the combined company may not be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. \n The combined company's failure following a change in control triggering event to make or consummate an offer to purchase the notes would constitute an event of default under the documentation governing the notes. In such an event, the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes may accelerate the maturity of all \n of the notes. In addition, any such event of default would likely trigger an event of default on other outstanding or future indebtedness of the combined company. \n The agreements governing the combined company's indebtedness will include restrictive covenants that limit the combined company's operating flexibility. \n The agreements governing the combined company's indebtedness will impose material operating and financial restrictions on the combined company. These restrictions, subject in certain cases to customary baskets, exceptions and incurrence-based ratio tests, may limit the combined company's ability to engage in some transactions, including the following: \n • incurring additional indebtedness and issuing preferred stock; \n • paying dividends, redeeming capital stock or making other restricted payments or investments; \n • selling or buying assets, properties or licenses; \n • developing assets, properties or licenses which the combined company has or in the future may procure; \n • creating liens on assets; \n • participating in future FCC auctions of spectrum or private sales of spectrum; \n • engaging in mergers, acquisitions, business combinations, or other transactions; \n • entering into transactions with affiliates; and \n • placing restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments. \n These restrictions could limit the combined company's ability to obtain debt financing, repurchase stock, refinance or pay principal on its outstanding indebtedness, complete acquisitions for cash or indebtedness or react to changes in its operating environment or the economy. Any future indebtedness that the combined company incurs may contain similar or more restrictive covenants. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of the combined company's debt agreements may result in an event of default under these agreements, which in turn may result in defaults or acceleration of obligations under these agreements and other agreements, giving the combined company's lenders the right to terminate any commitments they had made to provide it with further funds and to require the combined company to repay all amounts then outstanding. \n Deutsche Telekom will be subject to non-compete limitations for a finite period of time, after which it may compete with the combined company. \n The stockholder's agreement will restrict Deutsche Telekom from competing with the combined company in the United States, Puerto Rico and the territories and protectorates of the United States, which we refer to as the territory, during the period beginning on the date of the closing and ending two years after the date on which Deutsche Telekom beneficially owns less than 10% of the outstanding shares of the combined company's common stock. Specifically, during such period, neither Deutsche Telekom nor any of its other controlled affiliates will be permitted to engage in providing wireless telecommunications services through a facilities based network in the territory, hold licenses from the FCC related to or necessary to provide such services, act as a reseller, dealer or distributor of such services in the territory, or act as a mobile virtual network operator in the territory. In addition, for the period commencing at the closing and expiring on the first anniversary of the termination of the trademark license in accordance with its terms, Deutsche Telekom may not manufacture, market or distribute any products or services under, or use in any way, the trademark T-MOBILE in connection with any of the activities described in the previous sentence, other than by the combined company and its affiliates in accordance with the terms of the trademark license. \n Following the expiration of the periods described above, Deutsche Telekom and its controlled affiliates may compete directly with the combined company in the territory. Because the duration of the covenant not to compete depends on Deutsche Telekom's equity ownership and not the amount of combined company debt it holds, Deutsche Telekom could be a significant holder of the combined company indebtedness and be able to compete with the combined company. Further, although the combined company can pursue opportunities outside the territory, the covenant not to compete does not prevent Deutsche Telekom from competing with the combined company outside of the territory, even while Deutsche Telekom holds a majority of the combined company's common stock. Because Deutsche Telekom has significant resources and substantial knowledge and expertise in the wireless telecommunications industry, such competition may be harmful to the business of the combined company. \n The combined company will be obligated to pay a royalty for the T-Mobile trademarks equal to a percentage of its net revenue from the products and services sold using the T-Mobile trademarks, and it will not be entitled to use the T-Mobile trademarks indefinitely. \n Pursuant to the trademark license, the combined company will receive a limited license to certain T-Mobile trademarks, including the right to use the trademark “T-Mobile” as a name for the combined company, for use in connection with wireless telecommunications, broadband and information services and products used in connection therewith in the territory. Pursuant to the trademark license, the combined company is obligated to pay Deutsche Telekom a royalty in an amount equal to 0.25%, which we refer to as the royalty rate, of net revenue generated by the products and services sold by the combined company under the licensed trademarks. In the event that, during the term of the trademark license, the combined company's relative use of the licensed trademarks (versus other trademarks not licensed from Deutsche Telekom, such as MetroPCS) expands, increasing the amount of net revenue utilized to calculate the royalty payments, or the amount of revenue attributable to products or services sold using the licensed trademarks increases, then the overall royalty payments due to Deutsche Telekom from the combined company may increase. On the fifth anniversary of the trademark license, the combined company and Deutsche Telekom have agreed to adjust the royalty rate based on the then average commercial royalty rate found under similar licenses for trademarks in the field of wireless telecommunication, broadband and information products and services in the territory through a binding benchmarking process. We cannot predict what the adjusted royalty rate will be in five years with any certainty. It is possible that it will be higher than the current royalty rate. \n In addition, the term of the trademark license is limited. The initial term of the trademark license is approximately five years. The trademark license automatically renews for an additional five year term unless the combined company provides notice of its intent not to renew the trademark license. Thereafter, the trademark license automatically renews for subsequent five year periods unless the combined company provides 12 months' notice prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The trademark agreement assigns all goodwill created as a result of the use of the T-Mobile trademark to Deutsche Telekom. The combined company and Deutsche Telekom are also obligated to negotiate a new trademark license in any of the following events: (i) Deutsche Telekom's ownership of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the combined company falls to 50% or less; or (ii) any third party becomes the owner or otherwise comes to control, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the combined company, or otherwise acquires the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the combined company. While we cannot predict what the adjusted royalty rate would be under such new trademark license, it is possible that it would be higher than the royalty rate. If the combined company and Deutsche Telekom fail to agree on a new trademark license after such event, either the combined company or Deutsche Telekom may terminate the trademark license to be effective, in the case of clause (i) above, on the third anniversary after notice of termination and, in the case of clause (ii) above, on the second anniversary after notice of termination. Additionally, the combined company may terminate the trademark license at any time upon notice to Deutsche Telekom, with such termination to be effective on the first anniversary after notice of termination is given. \n Following the termination of the trademark license, the combined company may not use any T-Mobile trademarks, including the right to use the trademark “T-Mobile” as a name for the combined company. In such a case, the combined company will need to develop, promote and maintain new trademarks and a new brand. Developing, promoting and maintaining new trademarks and a new brand will likely require substantial capital, marketing and other expenditures. There can be no assurance that such new trademark or brand will be as recognizable or valuable as the T-Mobile trademark or brand. If the combined company fails to develop, promote and maintain new trademarks and a new brand, it could reduce the combined company's ability to attract and retain customers which could lead to greater churn, lower growth, reduced revenues, and lower profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the combined company will lose all of the investment it has made in the T-Mobile trademark. Any of these results could be harmful to the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or results of operations of the combined company. \n The MetroPCS existing stockholder rights plan will remain in effect with respect to the combined company after completion of the T-Mobile Transaction and could prevent a change in control of the combined company in instances in which some stockholders may believe a change in control is in their best interests. \n We currently have an existing stockholder rights plan, which we refer to as the MetroPCS rights plan that will remain in effect with respect to the combined company after completion of the T-Mobile Transaction. We executed an amendment to the MetroPCS rights plan prior to execution of the Business Combination Agreement that exempts Deutsche Telekom, including the acquisition of our shares in the T-Mobile Transaction, from the effects of the MetroPCS rights plan. Pursuant to the MetroPCS rights plan, we issued to our stockholders one preferred stock purchase right for each outstanding share of our common stock as of March 27, 2007. The shares issued in the T-Mobile Transaction will include these purchase rights. Each right, when exercisable, will entitle its holder to purchase from the combined company a unit consisting of one one-thousandth \n of a share of series A junior participating preferred stock at $66.67 per share, subject to adjustment as a result of the reverse stock split. The MetroPCS rights plan is intended to protect stockholders in the event of an unfair or coercive offer to acquire the combined company and to provide the combined company's board of directors with adequate time to evaluate unsolicited offers. The MetroPCS rights plan may prevent or make takeovers or unsolicited corporate transactions with respect to the combined company more difficult. The MetroPCS rights plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the combined company on terms that the board of directors of the combined company does not believe are in the combined company's and its stockholders' best interest and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. \n Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase the combined company's borrowing costs and the availability of funding. \n The combined company will require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow its business. We anticipate that the combined company will need to fund its capital needs in part through borrowings in the credit markets in the future. Adverse changes in the credit markets, including increases in interest rates, could increase the combined company's cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for the combined company to obtain future financing for its operations. In addition, the combined company's borrowing costs could be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, which would be based, in significant part, on its performance as measured by customer credit metrics. A decrease in these ratings would likely increase the combined company's cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for it to obtain financing. In addition, a severe disruption in the global financial markets could impact some of the financial institutions with which the combined company would do business, and such instability could affect the combined company's future access to financing. \n If the combined company is unable to take advantage of technological developments in the wireless telecommunications industry on a timely basis, it may experience a decline in the demand for its services, be unable to implement its business strategy, and experience reduced profits. \n The incumbent wireless telecommunications industry is experiencing rapid change and disruptive innovation on many fronts as new technologies are developed that offer consumers a broadening array of choices for their communications needs. For example, Apple, Inc. transformed the wireless landscape with the launch of the iPhone handset, Clearwire Corporation hopes to transform the wireless telecommunications industry with fixed mobile convergence, and Google Inc. introduced its open-source Android operating system in 2008. While smartphone use is expected to continue to grow, tablet sales have also increased dramatically. Rapid penetration of smartphones and tablets will require carriers to invest in device subsidization and network improvements. For example, T-Mobile is in the process of transforming and upgrading its network to be the first in the United States to deploy LTE Release 10 and the first to use multimode integrated radios that can handle Global System for Mobile Communications, which we refer to as GSM, Evolved High Speed Packet Access, which we refer to as HSPA+, and LTE. As part of the network upgrade, T-Mobile will install new equipment in more than 37,000 cell sites and refarm its Personal Communications Service in the PCS 1900 MHz spectrum band from second generation GSM services to HSPA+. Modernizing the combined company's network will carry significant benefits, but it will also involve some risk, because it involves equipment changes, refarming of spectrum, and migration of customers from existing spectrum bands. \n In order to grow and remain competitive, the combined company will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance its existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address its customers' changing demands. If the combined company is unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, it could lose customers to its competitors. In general, the development of new services in the wireless telecommunications industry will require the combined company to anticipate and respond to the varied and continuously changing demands of its customers. The combined company may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market. In addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints on its introduction of new services. If the combined company's services fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace, or if costs associated with these services materially increase, the combined company's ability to retain and attract customers could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's business, assets, liabilities, financial condition and results of operations. \n Other Risk Factors of MetroPCS \n Wireless' existing senior credit facility may be terminated prior to the closing of the T-Mobile Transaction. \n If Wireless successfully issues the $2.5 billion notes to third parties to refinance the Wireless existing senior credit facility prior to the closing of the T-Mobile Transaction, the Wireless existing senior credit facility (including the existing $100 million \n revolving credit sub-facility) may be terminated in advance of the closing of the T-Mobile Transaction. Accordingly, in such event, if the closing does not occur, (i) the interest payments incurred by Wireless may increase because the $2.5 billion notes may have a higher interest rate than the Wireless existing senior credit facility, and (ii) Wireless may not have access to a revolving credit facility to cover any cash flow needs of its business. If Wireless successfully issues the $2.5 billion notes to third parties and does not refinance the Wireless existing senior credit facility prior to the closing of the T-Mobile Transaction, Wireless may incur additional carrying costs until such time as the Wireless existing senior credit facility is terminated. \n Wireless' issuance of the $1.0 billion notes will result in an increase in long-term indebtedness. \n If Wireless issues the $1.0 billion notes to third parties to raise new capital (or any portion of such notes) prior to the closing of the T-Mobile Transaction, Wireless' long-term indebtedness will increase by the principal amount of such notes issued. This debt issuance may result in a higher total leverage, and increased financing costs, for Wireless if the T-Mobile Transaction does not close. \n We will be subject to the risks described above. The combined company also will be subject to similar risks after completion of the T-Mobile Transaction as those described in our periodic reports filed with the SEC. You also should be aware that these risk factors may not describe every risk facing us or the combined company or that may affect our or the combined company's business, assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of operations. There may be other known, unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other risk factors that could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. In addition, past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results on trends on future periods. \n Risks Related to Our Business \n We face intense competition from other telecommunications providers and new entrants in the marketplace and such competition may intensify in the future. \n We compete directly in each of our markets with a number of facilities-based and non-facilities-based communications service providers. The communications industry is extremely competitive and the competition is increasing. The traditional dividing lines between local, long distance, wireless, cable and Internet service providers also are becoming increasingly blurred. Further, as the growth in the post-pay sector of the wireless industry continues to decrease, many of the largest nationwide competitors with significantly greater resources than we have and who have not traditionally focused on offering service on an unlimited, no long-term contract flat-rate basis are now focusing increasing attention on providing unlimited, no long-term contract flat-rate paid-in-advance services, either directly or indirectly through resellers or mobile virtual network operators, or MVNOs, significantly increasing competition and causing downward price pressures with aggressive sales and marketing campaigns. All of our national wireless broadband mobile competitors and certain of our regional competitors and MVNOs currently are offering unlimited service plans on a flat rate basis on a no long-term contract flat-rate basis in the areas where we operate. The competitive pressures of the wireless telecommunications industry may continue to cause other carriers to offer unlimited service plans or service plans on a no long-term contract flat-rate basis with increasingly large bundles of minutes of use or unlimited use at increasingly lower prices on a national coverage basis. Since we primarily serve major metropolitan areas where the national wireless broadband mobile carriers and MVNOs are also offering services and we believe the overall post-paid sector is experiencing slowing growth, we anticipate increased competition for unlimited, no long-term contract, flat-rate paid-in-advance services, which may be advertised, marketed, or promoted specifically to customers in our target demographic. This intense competition could cause reduced revenues, increased costs, lower profitability, and other adverse financial or operational consequences which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our response to competitive pressures may result in increased costs or decreased prices over time. \n Market prices for wireless broadband mobile services in general, and for flat-rate, no long-term contract, unlimited use of paid-in-advance services in particular, have declined over time and we anticipate prices will continue to decline with increased competition, including competition from carriers and MVNOs. Moreover, certain carriers we compete against, or may compete against in the future, offer additional services, such as wireline phone service, cable or satellite television, media and Internet, have broader geographic service areas, and are capable of bundling their wireless services with these other services in a package of services that we may not be able to duplicate at competitive prices. In response to all of the competitive offerings in the marketplace and falling market prices, in the future we may be required to add additional select features to our existing service plans, change our service plans, change the geographic areas included in our roaming, long-distance and other products and services, reduce our prices, or sell additional handsets, applications or content. We also evaluate our products, service offerings and the demands of our target customers regularly to be responsive to the competitive offerings, and may, as a result, \n amend, change, discontinue or adjust our products and service offerings, initiate or offer new permanent, trial or promotional product or service offerings or targeted promotional activities, reduced pricing, add additional features, subsidize the cost of handsets, or increase commission payments to our indirect dealers and increase our marketing and distribution costs. We cannot control the pricing decisions of our competitors and many of our competitors may continue to reduce their prices or offer promotions aimed at our potential customers, which, combined with discounts afforded such competitors and their ability to bundle features and services, may result in lower prices, slower growth, higher costs and increased churn of our customer base. Further, any new or changed product and service offerings may not meet customer demands or may not succeed in the long term, or may not be as profitable as our current offerings. These new or changed product and service plan offerings may result in reduced revenues, increased expenses, lower profitability, and other adverse financial or operational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial and other resources than us. \n Many of our current and prospective competitors are, or are affiliated with, major companies that have larger and more robust networks and support systems and substantially greater financial, technical, personnel, marketing and lobbying resources and bargaining power than we have. Some have greater access to capital, cash reserves, and spectrum holdings; longer-established brands with better name recognition; larger geographic coverage areas, roaming territories, and third-party distribution networks; better in-building coverage; unique intellectual property; exclusive distributorship arrangements for certain popular brands of handsets, applications and content; a larger market share; and more advanced technology than we have, all of which may affect our ability to compete successfully. Our lack of access to these resources may inhibit our ability to respond to our competition. \n Many of our competitors also have established relationships with a larger base of current and potential customers and, due to their size and bargaining power, may obtain discounts or may have exclusive access to desired handsets, content, features, and services that our customers or prospective customers may want, expect or demand. Many of our competitors with greater access to capital and production and distribution resources also have entered into or may enter into exclusive deals with vendors and suppliers, including handset vendors, wireless application developers, content providers and service providers, or may cause such vendors to only develop products or services usable on their spectrum. For example, we currently do not have access to sell certain popular brands of handsets, such as the iPhone, which several of our largest competitors sell. As handset, application, and content selection and pricing are increasingly important to customers, the lack of availability to us of some of the latest and most popular handsets, applications, and content, whether as a result of exclusive dealings, volume discounting, inventory shortage or otherwise, could put us at a significant competitive disadvantage and could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain our customers, especially as our competitors continue to aggressively offer handset promotions with increased features, content, functionality and applications. Similarly, we believe we pay more, on average, than other national wireless broadband mobile carriers for our handsets and, if this trend continues and new technologies force us to offer new handsets, including those with increased costs due to increased features and functionality, we could be forced to further subsidize the price of our handsets and pay higher sales commissions on the sale or upgrade of handsets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Our competitors have licensed spectrum which is not always in the same bands as our spectrum and the extent to which future handsets will be compatible across all bands of spectrum is uncertain. Accordingly, in the future, we may not achieve the same economies of scale with respect to handsets as we enjoy today. These advantages may allow our competitors to offer products and services (such as handsets, devices, handset subsidies, higher commissions to distributors and dealers, broader geographic coverage, more facilities or services, and greater bundled features, applications and content) that we do not and cannot offer, offer lower prices, market to broader customer segments, and offer service over larger geographic areas. Our failure to respond timely to competition could reduce growth, revenue, market share and net income, and could increase our costs and customer churn. All of these risks, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n Our competitors may take government subsidies which may give them a competitive advantage. \n Some of our competitors have taken advantage of, or may in the future take advantage of, governmental loan, grant or credit programs, or universal service fund payments, which may allow them to offer products and services for lower prices, with lower costs, increase their revenue and growth while reducing churn, or allow them to provide service without charging customers in areas that may be uneconomical for us to serve without taking advantage of such programs. We have chosen not to participate in such programs at the current time.  If we continue not to, or are unable to, participate in such governmental programs and our competitors participate in such programs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n We may not be able to respond quickly or effectively or at all to new marketing and sales initiatives launched by our competitors. \n Many of our competitors have far greater sales and marketing resources with far larger sales and marketing budgets than we do. We generally have had, and anticipate in the future having, less sales and marketing resources and less brand recognition than our competitors, and we have spent, and anticipate spending, less on sales and marketing than our competitors. We do not know and cannot anticipate what sales and marketing initiatives our competitors may launch or the magnitude of their efforts, including offering exclusive devices, services, features, or content, or offering discounted or free products or services and reimbursement of cancellation fees. We generally do not have the resources to respond, or we may be unable or unwilling to spend the amounts necessary to effectively respond, to all sales and marketing initiatives of our competitors and consequently our efforts may be ineffective, inadequate, or may be delayed as a result of internal billing, customer care or other operational systems, which may allow our competitors to gain competitive share and negatively affect our brand and sales and marketing efforts. We also may not have time to conduct extensive customer focus groups or sales trials before launching our sales and marketing initiatives companywide. As a result, our sales and marketing initiatives may not adequately respond to our competitors' sales and marketing initiatives or may not meet customer expectations or demands. Additionally, our marketing, sales, advertising or promotional initiatives can result in significant expenses and in the end the initiatives may not result in the acquisition of new customers or the retention of customers. Further, our business model is premised on achieving and maintaining a low cost structure, of which one component is centralizing certain sales and marketing activities and designing and implementing major sales and marketing efforts across all of the metropolitan areas we serve. Such centralization of our marketing efforts may allow our competitors to offer local or regional marketing initiatives and promotions to which we do not or cannot effectively respond.  If we are unable to respond quickly, effectively, or at all, to new marketing and sales initiatives launched by our competitors, we could experience lower sales, lower revenues, increased costs, increased churn, and decreased profitability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n Our inability to increase, maintain or strengthen our brands and brand awareness may reduce our ability to attract and retain customers, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We historically have spent less on advertising than our competitors. Many of our competitors have better developed and longer established brands with better name and brand awareness and recognition.  With increased competition in the wireless telecommunications industry, in particular for unlimited, paid-in-advance services for a flat rate, we believe brand, brand awareness, advertising, marketing and promotional activities are, and will remain, critical to the success of the business. Developing, promoting and maintaining our brand and brand awareness require consistent capital investment and expense and there can be no assurance that our investment in such or the promotion of our brand and brand awareness will be successful. If we fail to develop, promote and maintain a strong brand and image, or our efforts to promote our brands and increase our brand awareness are unsuccessful, it could reduce our ability to attract and retain customers which could lead to greater churn, lower growth, reduced revenues, and lower profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may face additional competition from existing or new entrants as a result of future governmental allocations or reallocations of spectrum, future FCC auctions of spectrum, private sales, and/or through legislative change or actions by the FCC allowing the development of new products and services by existing competitors and allowing other nontelecommunications businesses to enter the industry. \n The FCC in the past has taken, and may in the future take, steps to make additional spectrum available for terrestrial mobile wireless services. Any auction and licensing of new spectrum, sale of existing spectrum or relaxation of requirements on or flexibility with respect to existing spectrum licenses, may result in new competitors and/or allow existing competitors to acquire additional, or make use of existing, spectrum, which could allow them to offer services competitive with our services or offer services that we may not be able to offer, or offer on a competitive basis, with the licenses we hold. For example, in March 2010, the FCC released its National Broadband Plan which recommends that the FCC make available 500 MHz of spectrum for broadband wireless services within the next ten years of which 300 MHz is recommended to be made newly available for mobile use within five years. Of this 300 MHz of spectrum, 70 MHz is recommended to be made available through the auction of allocated, but unassigned spectrum. In addition, 110 MHz is recommended to become available through the revision of existing technical and service rules for wireless communication services, or WCS, and mobile satellite services. Further, 120 MHz of spectrum may become available from digital television broadcasters through an incentive auction. The FCC recently has adopted changes to the existing technical and services rules for WCS, which may make it more usable to provide services competitive with our services. The FCC also recently adopted a co-primary terrestrial allocation for 40 MHz of mobile satellite services and granted such licensees additional flexibility to lease spectrum under spectrum manager lease arrangements. This 40 MHz of spectrum has been purchased out of bankruptcy by a major satellite services provider and the transfer of this spectrum has been approved. The FCC also adopted an Order allowing the licensee of this spectrum to offer \n terrestrial-only service. Such additional flexibility allows this satellite provider to have the ability to offer terrestrial mobile broadband wireless services that may compete with the services we offer. In addition, Congress recently passed legislation providing the FCC with authority to conduct incentive auctions, including an incentive auction of DTV spectrum, and which requires the FCC to auction and license up to 65 MHz of spectrum, including AWS-3 and up to 15 MHz of AWS-2, by early 2015 and the FCC has initiated rulemakings to implement such incentive auction authority and to auction 10MHz of AWS-2 spectrum.  In addition, some companies in non-telecommunications businesses, including cable, energy and utility companies, also are expanding their services to offer communications and broadband services. Moreover, some companies in non-regulated portions of the telecommunications industry, such as Internet search engine companies, are offering products and services that compete with our more highly regulated services. Some of these companies also are offering these services using unlicensed spectrum. We cannot control most of these factors and the continuing consolidation and resulting economies of scale and access to greater resources by our competitors and additional competition could result in slower growth, reduced revenues, increased churn and lower profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n FCC build-out requirements may cause competitors to build out spectrum sooner and could cause additional competition sooner. \n The FCC has taken actions, and may take further actions, to impose construction requirements on broadband mobile wireless licensees. For example, the revision of the WCS requirements has been, and certain mobile satellite service rules have been, and other such spectrum may be, coupled with more stringent build-out requirements than these licensees previously had or that our spectrum had in the past. Recently, one of the largest holders of WCS licenses reached an agreement with the satellite radio service providers that may allow increased use of WCS spectrum for broadband mobile services.  Also, the FCC has taken, and in the future may take, regulatory actions designed to provide greater capacity and flexibility to other licensees, including our competitors, and could allow companies that are not currently our competitors to offer competing products and services. And, as it did in approving a transaction involving satellite service provider SkyTerra (now known as LightSquared), the Commission may condition its approval of a license transfer or additional flexibility by requiring the acquirer or licensee to meet new stringent build out or construction requirements and other conditions. Stringent construction requirements could be detrimental to us by fostering increased competition or increased competition at an earlier date.  If the FCC imposes more stringent build-out requirements, it could lead to increased competition which could reduce our revenue, increase our churn, and reduce our profitability which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The continuing consolidation in the wireless industry through mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures also is creating increased competition and marketing initiatives. \n Joint ventures, mergers and strategic alliances in the wireless industry have resulted in, and if the trend continues, will continue to foster, larger competitors competing for a limited number of customers. Currently, two of the largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers serve in excess of 60% of all wireless customers in the industry and may have dominant market power. The two largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers currently also earn a significant portion of all earnings related to wireless services, and hold commanding spectrum and other resource positions, which give them the ability to dominate the wireless market through exclusive handset arrangements and otherwise. In addition, the refusal of these dominant carriers to provide critical inputs, such as roaming services, on reasonable terms to others, including us, gives them even more dominant market power for wireless broadband mobile services. In addition, one of the largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers recently closed on the acquisition of an additional 20 MHz of AWS spectrum in most metropolitan areas in the United States and the other has received flexibility with respect to certain spectrum it holds. In addition, one of the other largest wireless broadband mobile carriers recently was granted flexibility with respect to wireless communications services spectrum it holds and has acquired and has publicly announced additional transactions to acquire spectrum and other business operations from other wireless broadband mobile carriers.  Further, another of the other large wireless broadband mobile carriers has announced a transaction in which a substantial amount of its equity will be acquired by a large foreign corporation, with foreign wireless and wireline telecommunications operations and is in the process of trying to acquire the remaining shares of its majority owned 4G wireless broadband mobile carrier. With the increased competition, industry consolidation, and with the effect of the aggregate penetration of wireless services in all metropolitan areas, which has made it more difficult to attract and retain customers, our operating results could be adversely affected by such larger competitors with greater resources and means to compete and our ability to grow may be hindered which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may be unable to successfully develop and profitably incorporate wireless data services into our service offerings in the future. \n Wireless broadband mobile data services are increasingly becoming a meaningful component of many wireless broadband mobile carriers' strategies and financial results, including ours. Considerable demand exists for high-speed data services. The largest national wireless broadband mobile carriers have invested (and we expect will continue to invest) significant resources to develop and deliver these new data services to their customers and to use the ability to provide such services to differentiate their services and to compete against others. Currently, we offer wireless data services that are not in certain metropolitan areas as robust as those offered by some of our competitors, and may never be, and we do not offer certain wireless data services offered by our competitors, such as services for tablets and laptop computers. As market prices for wireless voice services continue to decline, if we are unable to offer such new data services or offer such services on competitive terms, we may not have sufficient revenue to offset the decline in wireless voice revenues. Similarly, as customers increasingly demand wireless broadband mobile data services as part of the core feature set of their wireless services, the failure to offer such services or offer them on a competitive basis with our competitors could reduce sales, slow growth, reduce revenues, and increase churn. If such events occur, it could have a material adverse effect in our business, financial condition and operating results. \n While we anticipate that our 4G LTE network will have sufficient capacity to meet our anticipated needs of our customers for the services we currently offer or intend to offer to our customers in the near term, we have limited experience with our customers' demands for high-speed data services, as well as the number of customers for such services or the effect of any new services that we may plan to launch in the future on our networks. Industry trends, as well as our own experience, suggest that demand for data services and the amount of data consumed by a subscriber will continue to grow. In addition, unless we secure additional spectrum, we may not offer certain wireless data services our customers may desire and demand or we may be unable to do so because of technical, cost or other issues. In order for our 4G LTE deployment to be successful, we will need to continue to effectively increase the capacity of our data networks and to design and implement new data sales and marketing initiatives, including new services to support our deployment of 4G LTE. In addition, we have not, and may not, gain access to certain of the handsets, operating systems, applications or proprietary data content available to our competitors, or have 4G LTE roaming on terms that allow us to continue to offer unlimited services. If we are unable in the future to successfully incorporate the most advanced wireless data services, including certain 4G LTE technologies, into our service offerings or gain access to popular handsets, applications and content, or 4G LTE roaming on prices that allow us to offer it on an unlimited basis, our customer additions and ARPU could decrease and our churn could increase. Third party studies suggest that, while the volume of mobile data users will increase exponentially in the future, the profitability of such services may decline or evaporate and, as a result, we may be unable to maintain or improve our ARPU or our margins. Further, competitors have launched data plans, such as multi-device data plans, which may cause our potential customers to not subscribe to our services or cause our existing customers to churn. We also could experience higher than anticipated usage of our services that could result in not meeting customer expectations in connection with the performance of our services. As a result, we may be required to spend additional capital to increase the capacity of our networks or purchase additional spectrum. Since we have limited spectrum in some of our metropolitan areas, we may be unable to meet customer demand for service, which may lead to us having to limit service in those metropolitan areas, limit the handsets sold or limit usage or applications usable by customers, adopt tiered pricing service plans or lower our prices, forego unlimited plans, raise prices for data plans, or engage in network management technologies and practices our customers may not want or like. If we are unable to meet the customer demand for our data services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Additionally, certain of our content contracts currently have, and future content contracts may have, minimum purchase commitments to purchase content exclusively from a single provider, or other obligations or limitations. If we fail to accurately predict the type and amount of content our customers will demand or prefer, it could result in excess costs and expenses we cannot recover from our customers or in our inability to offer our customers the content they desire or demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We do not develop or manufacture any products and are dependent on third parties for the development of products, content, applications and services, including access to most data, music and video content, applications, and access to new handsets to deliver these advanced services. As a distributor and not a manufacturer of products, content and applications, we do not control the availability, retail price, design, function, quality, reliability, customer service or branding of these products, content, applications and services, nor do we directly control all of the marketing and promotion of these products and services. The decisions of these third parties could negatively impact our ability to market and sell our products and services, our business plans, goodwill, and reputation. Further, if we are unable to obtain access to such services, content, or applications, incorporate such services, content, or applications into our service offerings, or purchase handsets, applications, content or services from third parties at a reasonable cost and on a timely basis in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If we do not offer the products, services or content that our customers want \n or demand, it could result in slower growth, increased churn, or reduced revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The increasing adoption of smartphones with Android operating system may limit our ability to differentiate our services by features, functions, content or applications. \n Historically, one of the ways we have differentiated our services is to offer features, functions, content or applications as part of a bundled service.  We are offering an increasing number of smartphones with the Android operating system which includes a number of the features or functions that we previously bundled with our service.  Further, the Android operating systems allows customers to download and use applications which substitute for features, functions or services we used to bundle with our services.  Finally, with the rise of html browsers and the ready access to content on the Internet, our ability to differentiate our services based on the content that we may make available to our subscribers may be diminishing.  If we are unable to differentiate our services using features, functions, content or applications bundled with our service, we may have difficulty competing with competitors which may have services that have broader geographic coverage, faster speeds, or other aspects our customers want, expect, demand, or desire.  If we are unable to differentiate our services, we may have increased churn, reduced gross additions, lower revenues, and reduced profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. \n We may have difficulty meeting the demands placed on our network by data products. \n We are increasingly selling, and may in the future sell even larger numbers of, handsets, devices (such as devices using the Android operating system), services and content that place a higher demand on our existing networks than handsets, devices, services and content we have historically sold. Industry trends, as well as our own experience, suggest that the demand for data services and the amount of data that will be consumed by a subscriber will continue to grow. We may not be able to satisfy the demands that these handsets, devices, services and content place on our network, we may not be able to profitably provide the data services used by these devices, and these devices, services and content may cause network congestion, strain the resources we devote to, and our ability to engage in, network management and limit our ability to meet the demands and expectation of our customers. We predominately offer data services using 1xRTT CDMA while most of our competitors use EVDO or other technologies which offer higher data speeds. In addition, because of our limited bandwidths for 4G LTE, our 4G LTE data speeds will not be as fast as those competitors who are using wider channels to offer 4G LTE or other high speed services. As a result, customers may not find our data services as attractive as those of our competitors. If we are unable to satisfy the demands of these new devices, services and content on our existing networks, we may be unable to offer these services profitably, these devices, services and content may cause network congestion and issues with respect to our existing customers, or we may have to raise prices or forego our unlimited service model, such that we may lose customers and may have difficulty attracting new customers. In addition, in order to meet the capacity demands of these new devices, services and content for data usage, we may be required to spend significant capital to build additional network capacity, lease additional sites, build additional DAS systems, purchase additional spectrum, redeploy spectrum from 4G LTE to CDMA or EVDO, refarm our CDMA spectrum to 4G LTE, or undertake other expenses or actions which could increase our costs. We also may be required to invest in technologies which have a shorter depreciable life which could increase our depreciation or result in write-offs.  These demands also may require us to engage in network management technologies and practices which customers may find undesirable. All of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our operations require continued capital expenditures and working capital, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain suitable financing to fund such capital requirements. \n Our business strategy involves competing in major metropolitan areas, all of which have significant established competition from other providers. To compete effectively, we must continue to upgrade, enhance our networks and services, expand our geographic coverage, and increase capacity. If we fail to do so, or our customers or potential customers develop a perception that our services are not on par with our competitors, it could reduce our growth or increase our churn. As a result, we have invested, and expect to continue to invest, a significant amount of capital in the future to construct, maintain, expand, increase capacity, upgrade and operate our networks, billing, customer care and information systems, to implement our business plans, including our 4G LTE network, and support future growth of our wireless business. We cannot give any assurance that we can, will or will be able to make such future capital expenditures, or that our future capital expenditures will generate a positive return, or that we will have adequate capital available to finance future expansions, upgrades and enhancements to our networks. Further, our funding needs may increase if we pursue other opportunities such as spectrum acquisitions, acquisitions of assets or other strategic transactions, expansion into new or further geographic expansion, or upgrading our networks to new technology. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available to us under an existing indebtedness or otherwise. Further, should we need to raise additional capital, the foreign ownership restrictions mandated by the FCC, and applicable to \n us, could limit our ability to attract additional equity financing outside the United States. If we were able to obtain funds, it may not be on terms and conditions acceptable to us, which could limit or preclude our ability to pursue new opportunities, expand our service, upgrade our networks, engage in acquisitions, or purchase additional spectrum, thus limiting our ability to expand our business which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Historically, we have been able to finance our needs and service our debt from cash internally generated from our operations and various debt and equity offerings. Our success and viability therefore now depends on, and may in the future depend on, our ability to maintain and increase revenues and to raise additional capital, when and if needed, on reasonable terms. We may not have the cash or be able to arrange additional financing, whether debt, equity or otherwise, to fund our future needs on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, if a change of control event occurs we may be required to repurchase or repay a significant portion of our outstanding debt. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our working capital and other liquidity needs, or at all. Further, as our operations grow, it may be more difficult to adapt and modify our business plan based on the availability of funding. \n If our current cash and excess internally generated cash flows are insufficient for our current and future needs or to service our debt, we may be forced to sell additional equity, seek additional debt financing, borrow additional amounts under our existing senior secured credit facility or other credit facilities, refinance our existing indebtedness in the capital markets, sell markets, spectrum or our business, curb or moderate our growth, raise our prices, or delay certain of our planned expansion or other initiatives, additions of capacity, and technological advances. However, our senior secured credit facility and indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. While our senior secured credit facility includes a presently undrawn revolving line of credit that is to be funded by a number of commercial and investment banks, worldwide economic conditions, a banking crisis, or tightening capital markets may affect whether our lenders honor or are able to honor their commitments to fund our revolving line of credit should we need to draw on such line of credit. Our ability to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our credit ratings, the prospects for our business, our leverage, financial and operating performance, general economic, financial, legislative and regulatory conditions, competitive practices, consumer credit conditions, consumer confidence, unemployment rates and prevailing capital market conditions. Many of these factors are beyond our control. If we incur significant additional indebtedness, or if we do not continue to generate sufficient cash from our operations, our credit ratings could be adversely affected, which would likely increase our future borrowing costs and affect our ability to access additional capital. \n Failure to obtain suitable financing when needed could, among other things, result in our inability to continue to expand our businesses as planned or to meet competitive challenges; reduced growth; foregone strategic opportunities; delays and/or reduced network deployments, upgrades, capital expenditures, operations, spectrum acquisitions and investments; and restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness prior to maturity or selling additional equity or seeking additional debt financing, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, and on an investment in our common stock or in our indebtedness. \n We may be unable to acquire additional spectrum in the future at a reasonable cost or at all. \n Because we offer predominately unlimited calling and data services for a flat rate, our customers tend, on average, to use our services more than the customers of other wireless broadband mobile carriers. We believe, based on industry trends and our own experience, that the average data usage of our customers may continue to rise. We anticipate we will need to acquire additional spectrum in order to continue our customer growth, expand into new metropolitan areas, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands and data usage, or to allow the deployment of new technologies. Over the past several years we have tried to acquire spectrum from a number of sources, including participating in government auctions and private transactions, but we have not been successful. In addition, there is no assurance that additional spectrum will be made available by Congress or the FCC, through auction or otherwise, or through private market transactions, on a timely basis, on terms and conditions or under service rules that we consider to be suitable for our commercial uses, or that any available spectrum will be compatible with our existing spectrum or networks, or that we will be able to acquire additional spectrum from the FCC or from third parties at a reasonable cost or at all. Furthermore, the continued aggregation of spectrum by the largest nationwide carriers may reduce our ability to acquire spectrum from other carriers. In addition, the FCC may impose conditions on the use of new wireless broadband mobile spectrum, such as heightened build-out requirements, limited renewal rights, clearing obligations, or open access requirements that may make it less attractive or less economical to acquire such spectrum. The FCC has recently initiated a notice of proposed rulemaking to examine whether the current spectrum screen used in acquisitions of spectrum should be changed or whether a spectrum cap should be imposed.  Further, the FCC may refuse to approve an acquisition and transfer of spectrum licenses from others or our investments in other license holders. Finally, Congress recently enacted legislation that prohibits the FCC from limiting participation in auctions unless it does so through a general rulemaking, however, the FCC retains its ability to enforce rules of general applicability such as limits on spectrum \n aggregation. This provision may circumscribe the FCC's ability to limit eligibility on an auction by auction basis. If the FCC does not adopt a spectrum aggregation limits and enforce them for the auction of new spectrum, we may have difficulty acquiring such spectrum for prices we can afford, or at all. If additional spectrum is unavailable on reasonable terms and conditions when needed, unavailable at a reasonable cost, or unavailable without conditions that impose significant costs or restrictions on us, we may not be able to continue to increase our customer base, meet the requirements of our customers' usage of our services or to offer new services and as a result we could lose customers or revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n Further, if we participate in a future FCC auction for additional spectrum or other governmental benefits, the FCC anti-collusion rules place certain restrictions on business communications and disclosures by participants in an FCC auction. These anti-collusion rules may restrict the normal conduct of our business and/or disclosures relating to an FCC auction, which historically have lasted between three to six months or more. These restrictions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n If we undertake mergers, acquisitions or strategic transactions, including a combination with T-Mobile, that could result in operating difficulties, dilution and distraction from our business. \n We presently have announced that we have entered into the Business Combination Agreement with T-Mobile, and if such should not be completed, we may in the future determine to expand our business, the markets in which we operate or the services that we provided, through the acquisition of selected spectrum or operating markets from other communication service providers, the acquisition of additional spectrum from any FCC auctions or auctions in other countries or from third parties, the acquisition of other communication service providers or through business combinations or other strategic transactions. Any such transactions, including the one with T-Mobile, can entail risk, may not be consummated, may require a disproportionate amount of our management and financial resources, may require us to sell additional equity or debt, may divert management's attention, and may create various operating difficulties and expenditures, among which may include: \n • uncertain revenues and expenses, including difficulty in achieving projected synergies, with the result that we may not realize the growth in revenues, anticipated cost structure, profitability, or return on investment that we expect; \n • difficulty integrating the acquired business, technologies, services, spectrum, products, operations and personnel of the acquired businesses; \n • difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; \n • difficulty converting customers to or retaining customers with our network, services, customer care and billing platforms; \n • disruption of ongoing business; \n • impact on our cash and available credit lines for use in financing future growth and working capital needs; \n • triggering the change of control provision in our senior secured credit facility, the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, and the change of control agreements of our officers, and acceleration of vesting equity and other incentive awards under our equity incentive plans; \n • obligations imposed on us by counterparties in such transactions that limit our ability to obtain additional financing, our ability to compete in geographic areas or specific lines of business, or other aspects of our operational flexibility; \n • increasing cost and complexity of assuring the implementation and maintenance of adequate internal control and disclosure controls and procedures, and of obtaining the reports and attestations required under the Exchange Act; \n • potential unknown liabilities, difficulties, business disruptions, and unforeseen increased control in operating expenses or regulatory conditions associated with such transactions; \n • loss of or inability to attract and retain key personnel; \n • delayed implementation of services, products and technology pending any regulatory approval of such transaction; \n • impairment of relationships with employees, customers, suppliers, distribution channels or vendors; \n • difficulties in consolidating and preparing our financial statements due to poor accounting records, weak financial controls and, in some cases, procedures at acquired entities not based on U.S. GAAP or in compliance with financial or disclosure controls required under Sarbanes-Oxley; \n • changes to our business, our distribution strategies, our business model or our service plans; \n • inability to predict or anticipate market developments and capital commitments relating to the transaction; and \n • with respect to any spectrum acquisition in a foreign country, difficulties and expenditures associated with operating in a foreign jurisdiction. \n The synergies and anticipated benefits to us of any strategic transaction, acquisition or merger may materialize more slowly than anticipated or may never materialize. Future investments, acquisitions, dispositions, business combinations, or similar arrangements could result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the reduction in our cash reserves, the incurrence of additional debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, complications in our \n business, changes to our existing business or business model, and triggering of change of control provisions in our senior secured credit facility, and in the indenture, and the supplemental indentures governing our senior notes and in the change of control agreements of our officers, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Additionally, our expected growth and any acquisitions or business combinations will also require stringent control of costs, the incurrence of costs associated with negotiating and finalizing transactions, costs associated with integration planning and the achievement of projected synergies, diligent management of our network infrastructure and our growth, integration planning, increased capital requirements, increased costs associated with marketing activities, the attraction and retention of qualified management, technical and sales personnel, the training and management of new personnel, and the design and implementation of financial, disclosure and management controls. Our growth will, and any acquisitions or business combinations may, challenge the capacity and abilities of existing employees and future employees at all levels of our business, our networks, and the controls and systems we have implemented. Failure to successfully manage our growth and any acquisitions or business combinations and to consummate such acquisition or business combination could increase our costs and adversely affect our level of service, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our business strategy may not succeed in the long term. \n Our business strategy historically has been to offer predominately unlimited wireless broadband mobile services predominately on a paid-in-advance basis for flat monthly rates without requiring a long-term service contract or a credit check. While we anticipate we will continue our strategy for the future, our service plans may not continue to meet our customers' or potential customers' needs, expectations or demands, competitive offers could prove to be unprofitable in the long term, we may be unable to continue to offer unlimited services profitability, or our service plans could prove to be unsuccessful in the long term. A number of other wireless broadband mobile carriers, resellers and MVNOs are offering, and in the future may offer, services plans similar to, or competitive with, our service plans with more extensive geographic coverage than ours, better brand awareness, lower prices, more features, greater speeds, more handset or device selection, greater or different distribution channels, and other differentiating features. Certain of our competitors have begun offering data plans which could limit our growth in family plans and could increase churn.  If our business strategy is unsuccessful, we may be forced to alter our product and service offerings, distribution strategies, operating methods and processes, cost structure, business model, pricing plans, and geographic focus, which could lead to lower revenues, higher expenses, lower profitability, higher churn, and other adverse financial or operational consequences, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We plan for a certain amount of and type of usage from our customers and a certain mix of customers on our service plans. If we have a disproportionate number of our customers on our lower priced service plans, if our customers do not purchase our service plans in the mix we anticipate, if we lower our prices to remain competitive, or if our customers use more services, such as data, roaming, domestic or international long distance, that we provide or purchase from third parties than we anticipate, it could result in lower revenues, higher expenses, lower profitability, and other adverse financial or operational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. \n Our tax inclusive plans make us susceptible to increases in taxes and regulatory fees. \n We offer service plans that include applicable taxes and regulatory fees for a flat fee and, as a result, we assume the risk of any change in taxes and regulatory fees. The government and regulatory agencies may increase the taxes and regulatory fees applicable or payable on our services and we may be at a greater risk from such increases because of budget shortfalls and regulatory policies. We do not have any control over changes in tax rates, laws, regulations or rulings, or federal and state tax assessments. If the government or regulatory agencies increase the taxes or regulatory fees that are attributable to our services, or change the services on which such taxes or regulatory fees are to be paid, change the methodology used to attribute revenues in a broadband service plan to its various constituent services, or change the characterization of our service, it could increase our costs and negatively impact the profitability of our services. In addition, if we attempted to pass through such increased taxes and regulatory fees to our customers, we could experience increased churn, decreased revenues, or slower customer growth. If we experience lower profitability, lower margins, increased churn, decreased revenues or slower growth or decreased sales, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n A failure to meet the demands of our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Customer demand for our products and services are impacted by numerous factors including, but not limited to: \n • the different types of products, services, applications and content offered and the prices for and range of service plans, products, services, applications and content; \n • service content, features, data speeds, technology, coverage, compatible handset options, distribution, service areas, network speed, capacity, operability and quality; \n • customer perceptions; \n • competition and competitive offers; \n • economic conditions; \n • the pricing structures used by our competitors; and \n • customer care levels. \n Managing these factors and customers' expectations of these factors is essential in attracting and retaining customers. We continually incur capital expenditures and operating expenses in order to improve and enhance our products, services, applications and content to remain competitive and to keep up with our customer demand, which include capital expenditures and expenses to expand the capacity and coverage of our network, to replace older technology or migrate to new technology platforms, vendors or services, to enhance or upgrade our networks, including capital expenditures and expenses to upgrade to future generation technologies, to purchase additional spectrum and necessary infrastructure equipment, to implement new or different services, service plans, handsets and related accessories to meet customer needs, to purchase or license additional services, applications or content, and to secure the necessary governmental approvals and renewals of our licenses necessary for our operations. Delays or failure to improve and enhance our products and services and expand the capacity of and upgrade our network to remain competitive and to keep up with our customer demand could limit our ability to meet our customer demands or customer expectations. Further, even if we improve and enhance our products, services, applications and content and expand the capacity of and upgrade our network, there can be no assurance that our existing customers will not switch to another wireless provider or that we will be able to attract new customers. If we are unable to meet our customer demands or customer expectations, including providing customers with a reliable and compatible network and devices, or manage our sales, marketing, distribution, advertising, customer support, billing and collection, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers, which could increase our churn, reduce sales, result in slower growth, increase operating costs, reduce our profitability, and decrease our revenue, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Similarly, if our vendors deliver new products, services, applications or content that do not work as anticipated, deliver such products, services, applications or content later than expected, fail to meet customer expectations, or fail to operate properly, we may not receive revenue on our investment in such new products, services, applications or content. For example, if a 4G LTE handset is lacking in certain features that our customers expect or the handset does not have the battery life or operating system our customers demand, our existing and potential customers may not purchase the handsets or customers who have purchased such handsets may return such handsets or churn. Further, we presently provide limited subsidies for handsets to our customers, so the price of the handset may also reduce the demand for the handsets and we will incur an expense equal to the difference between the price we pay for the handset and the price we receive from the customer. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may not be successful in continuing to grow our customer base. \n Our business plan assumes continued growth in our customer base. Our ability to grow our customer base and achieve the customer penetration levels that we currently believe are possible with our business model in our markets is subject to a number of risks, some of which we do not control, including: \n • our customers' demand for our products and services and our ability, or our suppliers' ability, to obtain or offer and provide products, services, applications or content which our current or prospective customers demand, want, expect or need, or for prices that they are willing to pay; \n • competition from existing or new competitors; \n • our ability to differentiate our products, services, applications or content from the products, services, applications or content offered by our competitors; \n • higher than anticipated churn, or lower than anticipated gross additions; \n • our ability to increase our network capacity, manage our network, or maintain network reliability to keep up with and meet increasing customer demand; \n • our ability to upgrade our network in the future to provide the products, services, applications or content that our customers want, expect or demand; \n • our ability to offer data services at speeds and prices with capacity that our customers want, expect or demand and that are attractive compared to the data services offered by our competitors; \n • limitations in our customer service, billing and other systems; \n • our ability to manage our inventory and adequately forecast our inventory needs, such as handset quantity, quality and type, and to meet customer demand for our products, services, applications or content; \n • our ability to provide service in areas or provide applications or content wanted, expected or demanded by our current and prospective customers; \n • our ability to attract, retain and appropriately incentivize our distribution channels, including our indirect agents and dealers for our products and services; \n • our ability to increase the relevant coverage areas in our existing markets, to enter into or expand our roaming arrangements to areas that are important to our customers or to allow us to offer services at all or at rates which are attractive to our current and prospective customers; \n • our ability to maintain our desired average revenue per user (ARPU); \n • our ability to overcome market saturation or competition; \n • our ability to manage the costs and usage of our services; \n • unfavorable United States economic conditions, which may have a disproportionately negative impact on certain portions of our customer base including an impact on their ability to buy new handsets or pay for our services; \n • changes in the demographics of our markets; and \n • adverse changes in the legislative and regulatory environment that may limit our ability to differentiate our services or grow our customer base. \n If we are unable to grow our customer base at the levels we project, or achieve the aggregate levels of customer penetration that we currently believe are possible with our business model, it could limit our ability to achieve additional economies of scale, and to repay our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our business is seasonal and our operating results for future periods will be affected negatively if we fail to have strong customer growth in the first and fourth quarters. \n Our customer activity is influenced by seasonal effects related to traditional retail selling periods and other factors that arise from our target customer base. Based on historical results, we generally expect the net customer additions to be strongest in the first and fourth quarters. Softening of sales and increased customer turnover, or churn, in the second and third calendar quarters of the year usually combine to result in fewer net customer additions or in net customer losses.  However, sales activity and churn can be strongly affected by the launch of new metropolitan areas, introduction of new price plans, competition, delays in tax refunds and other government benefits, general economic conditions and by promotional activity, which could reduce, accentuate, increase or outweigh certain seasonal effects.  If we fail to meet our expectations for customer additions in the first or fourth quarter, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results for future periods. \n Failing to manage our churn rate or experiencing a higher rate of customer turnover than we have forecasted could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our customers do not have long-term contracts and can discontinue their service at any time without penalty or advance notice to us. Our rate of customer churn can be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: \n • network issues, including network coverage, network reliability, technology upgrades, data speeds, network capacity, network technology, network responsiveness, network security breaches, network congestion and network availability; \n • poor call quality, lack of in-building coverage and dropped and blocked calls; \n • limitations in our customer service, billing and other systems; \n • geographic coverage, including roaming coverage, for all our services, including 4G LTE, at affordable rates, which has historically been less extensive than our competitors; \n • affordability and unfavorable United States economic conditions, which may have a disproportionately negative impact on certain portions of our customer base, particularly our large base of relatively lower income customers, including an impact on their ability to buy new handsets or pay for our services; \n • supplier, vendor and distributor failures; \n • customer perceptions of, demand for, and our prices for, our products, services, content, applications and offerings; \n • customer care concerns, including reliance on automated customer service solutions that may not provide customers with the personal attention they desire; \n • our ability to differentiate our products and services from our competitors; \n • our ability to offer products, including smartphones, tablets, connected devices, services, content, applications and data services, with features, applications, content, and operating systems that our customers expect, want or demand at prices our customers will pay; \n • our rate of growth; \n • our rate plans, distribution model, and incentives to our direct dealers and agents; \n • handset, application, and content selection and related issues, including lack of access, or early access, to the newest or iconic handsets, innovative wireless applications, and content, and handset prices and handset problems, including greater demand by our customers; \n • the types, make-up and nature of our service plans and our marketing and promotional offers; \n • wireless number portability requirements that allow customers to keep their wireless phone numbers when switching between service providers; \n • our inability to offer bundled services or services offered by our competitors; and \n • competition and competitive offers by other wireless broadband mobile service providers. \n We cannot assure you that our churn will be consistent with the levels we have achieved historically or that our strategies to address customer churn will be successful. In addition, we may not be able to profitably replace customers who leave our service or replace them at all. If we experience a churn rate higher than we expect, or fail to replace lost customers, we could experience reduced revenues and increased marketing costs to attract replacement customers, which could reduce our profit margin and profitability, and could reduce the cash available to construct and operate new metropolitan areas, to expand coverage and capacity in existing metropolitan areas, or to upgrade our networks to new technologies, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may not successfully manage our handset inventories to meet the demands of our customers. \n Our marketing and purchasing personnel are required to coordinate their activities to ensure that our distribution channels have adequate sales stock of handsets and other ancillary products to support our sales and marketing initiatives. Management of inventory balances requires accurate forecasting of customer growth and demand.  Handsets and other ancillary products also are consumer products and can be subject to unforeseeable or unpredictable consumer trends and demands which may be difficult to accurately forecast or predict.  We from time to time enter into purchase commitments related to the supply of our handsets based on such forecasting, historical purchasing trends and current customer demands and expectations. If we fail to predict and maintain an adequate sales stock of the appropriate model and type of handsets to meet the demands and preferences of our customers and to support our sales and marketing initiatives, we could have excess customer demand for handsets with only a limited supply or an excess supply of handsets for which we have limited or no demand. Additionally, if we misjudge consumer preferences or demands or future sales do not reach forecasted levels, we could have excess inventory that could not be sold easily. Further, if we do not have the handsets our customers want, we could fail to meet our customers' expectations or demands, resulting in lost sales opportunities or churn. Any failure to manage and control our supply inventories, including our purchase commitments, could lead to lower growth, decreased revenues, increased churn or decreased profitability, and could result in significant write-offs of inventory or inventory sold at prices lower than expected, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n We may not be able to respond to the rapid technological changes occurring in the wireless industry. \n The wireless telecommunications industry has been, and we believe will continue to be, characterized by significant and rapid technological change, including the rapid development and introduction of new technologies, products, and services. In order to be successful, we must anticipate these trends and develop new products, services, applications and content in a timely manner. We cannot give any assurance that we will be able to do so. Further, these technological advances, evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in the capacity and the quality of digital technology, such as the implementation and development of 3G technology, wideband technologies such as WiFi which do not rely on FCC-licensed spectrum, the development of 4G technology, such as 4G LTE or WiMax, and the development of data and broadband capabilities, could cause the technology used by us on our wireless broadband mobile network to become less competitive or obsolete. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the next-generation technology we have selected, 4G LTE, or the spectrum bands we have deployed it will be demanded by customers or will provide the advantages we expect, in which case the technology may not be widely commercially accepted and our competitive position could be materially adversely affected. The prevalence of electronic mail, web applications, content (including streaming audio and video) and non-voice communications may reduce the demand for some of our products and services and may increase the demand for other services. Additionally, VoIP is an emerging technological trend that could result in a decrease in demand for switched telephone services, such as those we \n currently provide. The resulting technological development of WiFi- or WiMax-enabled handsets permitting customers to communicate using voice and data services with their handset using VoIP technology in any area equipped with a wireless Internet connection, or a hot spot, could potentially allow more carriers to offer larger bundles of minutes, or unlimited services, while retaining low prices and the ability to offer attractive roaming rates or allows carriers to offer unlimited services on WiFi and a limited number of mobile services which compete with our services. The number of hot spots in the U.S. is growing rapidly, with some major cities and urban areas approaching universal coverage. Further, the development of new equipment, such as pico, micro and femtocells, and small cells, could allow our competitors to offer increased usage without increased cost thus reducing our cost advantage. As a result, competitors using more traditional and commercially proven technological advances to provide service or using more efficient, less expensive technologies (including those not yet developed), may have a competitive advantage over us by retaining and increasing their customer base, realizing certain economies of scale, and receiving greater support from equipment and other manufacturers. As the CDMA infrastructure of our network becomes less popular or obsolete, the cost of compatible equipment and technology may also increase and we may also be subject to significant write-offs or changes in estimated useful life and we may have difficulty securing upgrades and improvements in such equipment when needed. \n Our continued success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate or adapt to these and future technological changes and to offer, on a timely basis, products, services, applications and content that meet our customer demands. For us to keep pace with these technological changes and remain competitive, we may continue to make significant capital expenditures in our networks, acquire additional spectrum, and design and offer new products, services, applications and content. Customer acceptance of the products, applications, content, and services that we offer will continually be affected by technology-based differences in our product and service offerings and those offered by our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will obtain access to new technology on a timely basis, on satisfactory terms, or on our spectrum, or that we will have adequate spectrum, be able to acquire additional spectrum, or be able to add capacity to our networks, to offer new services, applications or content, or implement new technologies. If we do not offer these applications, content, or services, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers. Further, we cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. We also cannot be certain that the choices we make regarding technology and new service offerings will prove to be successful in the marketplace or will achieve their intended results. All of these factors could lead to decreased growth, decreased revenues, increased churn, and decreased profitability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are dependent on certain network technology improvements, which may not occur or may be materially delayed. \n Most national wireless broadband mobile carriers have greater spectrum capacity and spectrum with better propagation characteristics than we do that can be used to support 3G and 4G services. These national wireless broadband mobile carriers currently are investing substantial capital to deploy the necessary equipment to deliver 3G or 4G enhanced services, and have invested in additional spectrum to deliver 4G LTE services. The national wireless broadband mobile carriers in many instances have spectrum with better propagation characteristics than our spectrum and on average have more spectrum in each of the metropolitan areas in which we operate, or plan to operate than we have. We have deployed and are selling 4G LTE services in all of our major metropolitan areas, but because of the limited amount of spectrum available to us, we have deployed 4G LTE in selected metropolitan areas on 1.4, 3 and 5 MHz channels, which may be smaller channels than our competitors use for offering 4G LTE. Due to our limited spectrum, our networks have limited capacity and continued capacity increases in our metropolitan areas will require engineering solutions, which may not work as anticipated, or which may take longer to deploy than anticipated. As a result, we are dependent on, and more dependent than our competitors on, technological improvements to continue to grow and service the demands of our customers. We currently are dependent on a limited number of infrastructure and equipment providers to assist us in the development and deployment of our 4G LTE network and to manufacture equipment for use on our network. \n Our limited spectrum and relatively high frequency spectrum may require us to lease more cell sites to provide equivalent service and coverage, spend greater capital compared to our competitors, deploy more expensive network equipment, such as six-sector antennas, make more extensive use of DAS systems, deploy equipment sooner, redeploy spectrum from 4G LTE to CDMA or EVDO, rely more heavily on traffic management tools and solutions, or make us more dependent on technological development, than our competitors. There can be no assurance that we can lease adequate tower sites or additional spectrum, or access DAS systems, or that our suppliers will undertake the necessary and timely technological developments. Moreover, our 4G LTE technology may not perform as expected or deliver the quality and types of services or performance we expect, demand or need. Further, as a result of increased use of our CDMA networks, we may be required to reduce the amount of spectrum used for 4G LTE in order to increase the capacity of our existing CDMA networks. Further, we may be required to deploy solutions that we may need to replace in our network prior to being able to fully depreciate such solutions, which could require us to take write-offs. We cannot assure you that necessary quantities of equipment and compatible devices will be \n available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or will operate on our network or will provide the customer with the quality and quantity of features desired, nor that when delivered such equipment and devices will be at cost-effective prices. \n If the anticipated 4G LTE technology improvements are not achieved, or are not achieved in the projected timeframes or at the costs we anticipate or can afford, or are not developed by our existing suppliers, we may not have adequate spectrum in certain metropolitan areas, which may limit our ability to increase our customer base, may cause our churn to increase, may inhibit our ability to achieve additional economies of scale, may limit our ability to offer certain products and services offered by our competitors, may require us to cease offering our services on an unlimited basis, may require us to spend considerably more capital and incur more operating expenses than our competitors with more spectrum or lower frequency spectrum, and may force us to purchase additional spectrum at a potentially material cost. If our network infrastructure vendors do not supply such improvements, or materially delay the delivery of such improvements, and other network equipment manufacturers are able to develop such technology, we may be at a material competitive disadvantage to our competitors and we may have higher costs or be required to change network infrastructure vendors, which would result in lost time and expense. Further, our 4G LTE expansion may result in the degradation of our existing services. There can be no assurance that our 4G LTE services will meet customer expectations, that we will be able to provide wireless broadband mobile data service on a profitable basis, or enter into roaming arrangements for 3G/4G services on economical terms or at all, or that vendors will develop and make available to companies of our size popular applications and handsets with features, functionality and pricing desired by customers. We also are planning to utilize Voice over Long Term Evolution, or VoLTE, technology to improve efficiency in the integration of voice and data services over our LTE networks, but we are dependent upon equipment manufacturers to develop and deploy this advanced voice technology on a timely, cost-effective basis. We can provide no assurance that such technology will be available in a timely or cost effective basis or will provide the benefits we expect it to provide. These risks if they occurred alone or in combination with other risks could reduce our customer growth, increase our costs of providing services and increase our churn, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The success of our business is dependent on the development of products compatible with the services deployed by us. \n We do not develop or manufacture any products and are dependent on the development of products, content, applications and services by third parties for the services and technology we have deployed and provide on our spectrum. Two of our national wireless broadband mobile competitors acquired a significant portion of the 700 MHz spectrum auctioned by the FCC. We hold a 700 MHz license which is in a different spectrum block than the 700 MHz licenses being developed by the two largest national wireless broadband mobile competitors, which presents certain risks because some equipment manufacturers are focusing their 700 MHz equipment development efforts on the channel blocks held by and/or being developed by the major carriers, and the 700 MHz equipment made by these manufacturers may not be interoperable on the 700 MHz channel block we hold. As a result, we may be unable to use, or may be materially delayed in using, our 700 MHz spectrum. And, we may have higher costs for devices and equipment for our 700 MHz spectrum and the prospects for both inbound and outbound roaming may be limited on 700 MHz spectrum. Further, we are deploying 4G LTE on PCS and AWS spectrum so unless our customers' handsets are capable of using the 700 MHz spectrum on which our competitors are deploying 4G LTE, our customers will not be able to roam on our competitors' networks for 4G LTE services even if we are successful in obtaining roaming arrangements with such competitors. \n While we have elected to deploy 4G LTE on our AWS and PCS spectrum, several of our competitors have publicly indicated that they plan to deploy, and at least one has deployed, 4G LTE on 700 MHz spectrum. There can be no assurance that other licensees, including the national wireless broadband mobile carriers, will not delay or ultimately not deploy 4G LTE on AWS and PCS spectrum, or, if they do, they may convince manufacturers to only develop 4G LTE equipment for their spectrum. If other wireless broadband mobile licensees, including the large national wireless broadband mobile carriers, do not deploy 4G LTE on AWS and PCS or manufacturers develop equipment for them for this spectrum, we may have to pay higher prices for the products that we sell to our customers due to the limited number of users, we may not have products available to us at all, or such products may be limited in nature and not have the features and functions our customers want, expect or demand, and our customers may have limited roaming. In addition, such limitation could result in less technological development on network equipment that we use to offer 4G LTE services, or delays in any available technological developments, and we could be forced to pay higher prices for any such technological development. In addition, we are dependent on the national wireless broadband carriers continuing to deploy handsets and handset operating systems to which we have access. If the national wireless broadband carriers choose to deploy proprietary handsets, proprietary handset operating systems or handsets with only certain technologies in lieu of, or substantially in lieu of, handsets and handset operating systems to which we have access, we could experience higher prices for handsets and development of applications for the handsets and handset operating systems we deploy may lag the development on other handsets and handset operating systems. Further any handsets and handset operating systems that we deploy may lag behind the development of other handsets and handset operating systems with which we compete, or may not be developed at all. If we are unable to secure the necessary products at prices which will allow us to be competitive with other carriers of 4G LTE services, we may not be able to meet our customer \n expectations, demands, or needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. \n We may be unable to provide 4G LTE roaming. \n We do not anticipate being able initially, and may not in the future be able, to provide 4G LTE roaming service to our customers to allow them to have 4G LTE service outside our existing service areas. Since at this time a limited number of carriers have publicly announced that they are planning to deploy 4G LTE in the near future, the number of potential roaming partners for 4G LTE will be extremely limited and certain carriers are currently deploying, and other carriers may deploy, 4G LTE on spectrum that is different than the spectrum on which we are deploying 4G LTE. Other carriers have in the past, and may in the future, be reluctant to provide data roaming to us at all or on terms we consider to be acceptable. In addition, some of the carriers who currently provide roaming to us may be delayed in deploying, decide not to deploy, or be unable to deploy 4G LTE, which would limit our ability to provide 4G LTE services to our customers when they roam. Further, since 4G LTE is relatively new and carriers may attempt to differentiate their services using 4G LTE, carriers may be reluctant to allow roaming at all or at prices that would make roaming cost effective for our customers. If our customers or potential customers demand 4G LTE services on a nationwide basis or our competitors offer 4G services on a nationwide basis, we may be unable to meet customer expectations or demands and we may attract less than the anticipated number of 4G LTE customers or we may experience higher than anticipated levels of churn. If we do not attract the number of 4G LTE customers we anticipate, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financials and results of operations. \n We are increasingly focused on providing nationwide service, but we may be unable to obtain the roaming and other services we need from other carriers at rates that allow us to provide such nationwide service and still remain competitive. \n The market for our services increasingly requires that we provide nationwide coverage for such services. Many of our competitors have, or have access to, national networks with substantially larger footprints than we have covering substantially all of the United States population as well as international roaming arrangements, all of which enable them to offer automatic roaming, long distance telephone and 3G and 4G LTE services to their customers at a lower cost than we can offer. This also allows our competitors to sustain unlimited flat-rate local, and nationwide roaming plans on their existing networks over a larger area than we can sustain on an economic basis. We provide a significant portion of our nationwide services utilizing roaming agreements with other third party carriers, which allows our customers to roam on those carriers' networks to provide voice, text (and some data) services to areas outside our service areas and to improve coverage within select areas of our footprint. We have entered into agreements with other third party carriers who provide such roaming services to us and who carry long distance calls made by our customers. These roaming agreements, however, do not cover all geographic areas where our customers may seek service when they travel, and they generally cover voice and text but may not cover data services or other advanced service features. These agreements are subject to renewal and termination rights, including in certain instances the right to terminate in the event we experience a change of control, and if such agreements are terminated or not renewed, the rates charged to us increase substantially, or our customers increase their use of roaming services, we may be required to pay significant amounts of money for roaming service and we may be unable to provide nationwide coverage to our customers on a cost-effective basis. Additionally, our aggregate roaming costs are highly susceptible to the geographic roaming patterns and usage patterns of our customers. Since our unlimited nationwide service plans do not include any incremental roaming charges, we absorb these costs such that as we add customers our roaming expenses will increase. If customers increase their roaming in amount or frequency our consolidated financial results could be negatively impacted. \n Our ability to replicate other carriers' nationwide offerings at rates that will make us, or allow us to be, competitive is uncertain at this time. The FCC has clarified that broadband commercial mobile radio service, or CMRS, providers must offer automatic roaming for voice and short message service, or SMS, service both in and out of a requesting carrier's market, on just, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, but found that a CMRS provider is not required to offer roaming services if the request is not reasonable. Carriers frequently disagree on what constitutes reasonable terms and conditions. The FCC will presume in the first instance that a request for automatic voice and SMS roaming is reasonable if the requesting carrier provides technologically compatible services. However, in finally assessing whether a roaming request is reasonable, the FCC will consider the request based on a totality of the circumstances and may use a number of factors, including the extent of the requesting carrier's build-out where it holds spectrum, and whether alternative roaming partners are available. \n The FCC also has extended roaming rights to roaming services that are classified as information services (such as high-speed wireless Internet access services), and for roaming services that are not classified as CMRS (such as non-interconnected services), or data roaming services. This decision has been appealed by one of the nationwide carriers on the ground that the FCC does not have the authority to mandate data roaming, and the timing and outcome of the appeal cannot be predicted with certainty. The FCC has not classified these data roaming services as common carrier services. However, the FCC has required carriers to provide data roaming services on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, including price, but such data \n roaming services are not required to be offered on a non-discriminatory basis. The FCC has established a complaint mechanism, which may include arbitration, to resolve data roaming related disputes. \n The wireless broadband mobile wireless industry has continued to experience consolidation and any consolidation would further reduce the carriers from which we could receive roaming services, including 4G LTE roaming services. If we are unable to enter into or maintain roaming agreements for roaming services that our customers desire at reasonable rates, including in areas where we have licenses or lease spectrum but have not constructed facilities, we may be unable to compete effectively and attract and retain customers, and we may lose revenues. At least one of these agreements requires us to prefer that carrier over others which may restrict our ability to receive the benefits of new roaming arrangements or lower prices. Several of our roaming agreements can be terminated for breach or if we experience a change of control such as the one contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement with T-Mobile in the Proposed Transaction.  We also may be unable to continue to receive roaming services in areas in which we hold licenses or lease spectrum after the expiration or termination of our existing roaming agreements. We also may be obligated to allow customers of other technically compatible carriers to roam automatically on our systems, which may enhance their ability to compete with us. \n Further, our roaming agreements and services may be with certain of our competitors and may create actual or potential conflicts of interest, and may cause the parties to make decisions or take actions that do not reflect the other's best interests. None of these agreements restricts us from entering into similar arrangements with other parties, but certain rights could be lost or agreements terminated if we enter into such a similar relationship. If any of the above risks occur, they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n If we are unable to meet our customers' expectations for nationwide coverage for the services they want, it could reduce the number of new customers we add to our services and may increase our churn. We also may be unable to provide roaming for certain services at all or the rates may not be acceptable to our customers. If our customers demand roaming services and we are unable to provide such roaming at all or at cost effective rates, we could have increased churn, decreased growth, and lower revenue and profits. Further, if the rates we pay for roaming increase, it could reduce the profits we make on our services, or require us to cease providing such services on an unlimited basis. A termination of existing roaming agreements or a significant increase in the prices we pay for roaming could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.  Some of our roaming agreements also contain provisions allowing the other party to terminate in the event we experience a change of control such as the one contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement with T-Mobile.  If we experience a change of control, we may lose the right to roam with certain carriers which could reduce the areas our customers receive services, or the types of services received. The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial contracts and operating results. \n The economy and economic conditions have a significant impact on our business. \n In the recent past, the United States economy has deteriorated significantly, unemployment rates have increased and such conditions may continue for the foreseeable future. Our business has been, is being, and could be further affected by such economic conditions, including, but not limited to, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, rates of inflation, energy costs, gasoline prices, timing of tax refunds, availability of tax payer loans, unemployment rates, housing foreclosures, as well as consumer confidence and consumer spending.  Moreover, the areas in which we operate may experience greater impact from these factors than other areas of the country or may recover more slowly.  These factors are outside of our control. If economic conditions and unemployment rates continue to deteriorate, or remain depressed, our existing and future customer base may be disproportionately and adversely affected due to the generally lower per capita income of our customer base (versus the largest national facility-based wireless broadband mobile carriers) and their inability to pay, or obtain adequate access to sufficient credit, and increased potential to terminate a portion or all of their services. In addition, a number of our customers work in industries or in areas of the country which may be disproportionately affected by an economic slowdown or recession. More generally, adverse changes in the economy are likely to negatively affect our customers' ability to pay for existing services and to decrease their interest in purchasing new services. These same economic conditions may negatively impact our third-party service providers who experience cash flow problems or liquidity concerns or are unable to obtain or refinance credit such that they may no longer be able to operate. The resulting impact of such economic conditions on our customers, on consumer and discretionary spending and on our product and service providers could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, services and on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Business, political and regulatory and economic factors may significantly affect our operations, and the manner in which we conduct our business and slow our rate of growth. \n Most of our handsets and our infrastructure equipment are purchased from vendors who are located outside of the United States and disruptions in trade with these countries or trade agreements could impact our ability to get the products and services \n we need to operate our business. The communications industry also is facing increasing scrutiny from regulators, Congress, the press and others on customer privacy and the collection, use and dissemination of customer information.   There is substantial uncertainty regarding communication carriers' obligations under the law with regard to customer privacy and personal information and the laws and regulations which may govern a carrier's obligation to disclose such information to law enforcement.  Recent Congressional inquiries and press stories have focused on the information that communications carriers are providing to law enforcement and the information being collected, stored, used and disseminated by communications carriers.  There also have been a number of recent consent decrees with other companies outside of the communications industry relating to customer privacy.  While the focus of these consent decrees have been on companies outside the communications industry there can be no assurance that it will remain so in the future.  If our obligations under the law regarding compliance with law enforcement requests for customer information were to change or we were to become the focus of an inquiry, investigation or press stories into our privacy and customer information policies, it could require us to incur additional expenses, divert management attention, and could damage our reputation with our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. \n Recent actions indicate that the FCC will be proactive in and may increase the regulation of wireless services, and we cannot predict with any certainty the nature and extent of the changes in federal, state and local laws, regulations and policy we will face, or the effect of such elections on any pending legislation. For example, changes in the political climate could affect the extent to which further consolidation of wireless carriers will be approved by the government and such changes could reduce our strategic merger and acquisition options. Further, regulatory requirements, such as open network access, could impose costs on us or limit our ability to provide our services in a cost effective or profitable way. Any changes in regulation, new policy initiatives, increased taxes or any other changes in state or federal law may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may be unable to enforce or protect our intellectual property and intellectual property rights. \n We own, license, develop and use intellectual property, including patents, copyrights and trade secrets, in our business. While we engage in measures to protect our intellectual property, such measures offer limited protection and may not prevent the infringement or misappropriation of our information or our proprietary rights. Further, the enforcement of our intellectual property rights may require legal action, which may be costly and may not be successful, even if our rights are misappropriated or infringed. Additionally, others may independently develop processes and technologies that are competitive to ours. \n We cannot assure you that any patent, trademark or service mark application, whether pending or future, will be granted or that any existing patent, trademark or service mark will not be infringed, challenged or invalidated or that any such registration will adequately protect our brand, products or image. If any of our intellectual property rights are infringed, challenged or invalidated, the costs associated with the protection and attempted enforcement of our rights and the potential loss of such rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We and our suppliers may be subject to claims of infringement, or may need to seek third-party licenses to make or expand our offerings. \n The technologies used in the communications industry are subject to a wide array of patents and other intellectual property rights. We also are increasingly providing operating systems, applications and content to our customers we license or obtain from others that may be subject to patent, trademark, copyright and other intellectual property rights. As a result, third parties may assert infringement and misappropriation claims against us or our suppliers from time to time based on our or their general business operations or processes, the equipment, software or services we or they use or provide, the products, services, operating systems, applications and content we provide (including products, software, applications, content or services provided by vendors and incorporated into the products, software, applications, content and services we provide), or the specific operation of our wireless networks or service. We and our suppliers have been, and may in the future, be subject to infringement or misappropriation claims that, if successful, could preclude our ability to use, sell or license such product, service, application, content or network feature, preclude the supplier from supplying us with or licensing us the products, software, applications, content and services we require to run our business or offer our product, service, application, or content, require the supplier to change the products, software, applications, content and services they provide or license to us in a way which could have a material adverse effect on us, cause the supplier to increase the charges for their products, software, applications, content and services to us, or require us to pay royalties for a license for such products, software, applications or content or services. We also cannot guarantee that we will be fully protected against all losses associated with an infringement or misappropriation claim involving our manufacturers, licensors and suppliers who provide us with the equipment, software, applications, content, and technology that we use in our business or that we will be able to recoup any royalties paid. In addition, our suppliers may refuse to, or may be unable to, pay any damages or honor their defense and indemnification \n obligations to us, which may result in us having to bear such losses. We may also have to buy equipment, products, software, applications, content and services from other third party suppliers or pay royalties to the holders of intellectual property rights. \n Whether or not an infringement or misappropriation claim is valid or successful, it could divert management's attention, involve us in costly and time consuming litigation, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements (which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all), require us to pay royalties for prior periods, require us or our suppliers to redesign our or their business operations, processes, systems, software, applications, services or products to avoid claims of infringement or misappropriation, preclude our ability to offer certain products, software, applications, content, and services at all, or require us to purchase products, software, applications, content, and services from different vendors or not sell certain products, software, applications or content, or services. If a claim is found to be valid or if we or our suppliers cannot successfully negotiate a required royalty or license agreement, we could be forced to pay substantial damages, including potentially treble damages, and we could be subject to an injunction that could disrupt our business, prevent us from offering some or all of our products, content, software, applications or services and cause us to incur losses of customers or revenues, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Similarly, from time to time, we may need to obtain the right to use certain patents or other intellectual property rights from third parties to be able to enhance our offerings of products and services.  If we cannot license or otherwise obtain rights to use any required technology from a third party on reasonable terms or at all, our ability to offer new products and services may be restricted, made more costly or delayed. \n We and our suppliers may be subject to claims of product liability. \n We do not manufacture or develop the products sold by us and generally rely upon our suppliers to provide us with products that meet all regulatory and safety requirements. We could be held liable along with the manufacturers of the products for any harm caused by products we sell if such products are later found to have design or manufacturing defects. For example, there have been claims made, and lawsuits filed that allege, that the rechargeable batteries in handsets may explode or catch on fire, including claims or lawsuits that name us as a party. Our agreements with our manufacturers, suppliers and vendors generally contain indemnification agreements to protect us from direct losses associated with product liability, but we cannot guarantee that the manufacturers, suppliers and vendors will honor or be able to honor the indemnification upon an assertion of a claim, that we will be able to enforce the indemnification, or that we will be fully protected against all losses associated with the product found to be defective. Any claim could result in losses, divert management's attention, or otherwise disrupt our business which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. \n We currently have an exclusive arrangement with our billing services vendor. \n A single billing provider, subject to certain exclusions, is our exclusive vendor for billing services in North America. If this provider does not perform its obligations under the agreement, or ceases to continue to develop, or substantially delays development of, new features or billing services, or ceases to support its existing billing systems, we may be unable to secure alternative billing services from another provider or providers in a timely manner, for a reasonable cost or otherwise, which could cause us, among other things, not to be able to bill our customers, not be able to introduce new products and services or service plans, not be able to respond to promotions and service plans offered by our competitors, provide customer care, grow our business, report financial results, or manage our business and we may have increased churn, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Substantially all of our network infrastructure equipment on each technology is manufactured or provided by a single network infrastructure vendor. \n Substantially all of our broadband PCS and AWS, 1xRTT CDMA network infrastructure equipment is manufactured or provided by a single network infrastructure vendor. We have entered into a non-exclusive agreement with that vendor to provide us with PCS and AWS 1xRTT CDMA system products and services. A substantial portion of the equipment manufactured or provided by this vendor is proprietary, which means that equipment and software from other manufacturers may not work with this vendor's equipment and software, or may require the expenditure of additional capital, which may be material. The communications equipment market has been subject to recent economic turmoil. In addition, we have chosen to purchase our 4G LTE infrastructure from another vendor. As a result, this vendor may not develop or be unable to develop new products or services necessary to us or offer the same level of support as it has done in the past. \n We also have entered into a non-exclusive agreement to purchase and license most of our 4G LTE system products, licensed materials and services from a single network infrastructure vendor. As 4G LTE is a new, complex technology, we cannot assure you that this vendor will develop the products we need, or develop such products in the timeframe or manner we \n require. In the event that this vendor fails to enhance, maintain, upgrade, or improve the 4G LTE products, software and services we have contracted to purchase from it when and how we need, we may be delayed in launching additional 4G LTE services or in upgrading or enhancing our 4G LTE services or we may fail to meet our customers' demands or expectations. \n If any of our CDMA or 4G LTE network infrastructure vendors ceases to develop or substantially delays the development of new products, ceases to support existing products, equipment and software, fails to perform under the agreement, or fails to meet our needs or requirements, we may be required to spend significant amounts of money to replace such equipment and software, may not be able to offer new products and services, may be delayed in offering additional services, may not meet our customers' demands or expectations, and may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. If any of the foregoing risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We use a single provider for most of our domestic and international long distance services . \n We currently use a single provider for most of the domestic and international long distance services that we provide to our customers under the terms of a long-term contract with such provider. This arrangement requires us to send a significant portion of our domestic and international long distance traffic to the provider for transmission and termination. If the provider experiences service outages or other problems affecting its services, our customers may have difficulty completing domestic and international calls. As all of our service plans include domestic long distance services, any such disruption could have a significant effect on our customers which may cause them to become dissatisfied with our service. In addition, one of our service plans also includes international long distance and a disruption in that service, or the cessation of service to destinations which our customers want to call, could cause our customers to leave our service. As such, if the long distance services we provide do not meet the needs, demands or expectations of our customer, substantial numbers of customers could be dissatisfied or leave our service or we could have difficulty adding new customers, which could result in reduced growth, higher churn, lower revenues and reduced profitability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We rely on third parties to provide products, software, applications and services that are integral to our business. \n Sophisticated financial, management, information, network management, cyber security and billing systems are vital to our business. We currently rely on internal systems and third-party vendors to develop and to provide all of these systems. We have entered into agreements with third-party suppliers to provide products, software, applications, services and content that are integral to our business, such as customer care, product distribution, content development, financial reporting, network management, network infrastructure equipment, cyber security and services and billing and payment processing. We purchase a substantial portion of the products, software, services and content from only a few major suppliers and we generally rely on one or two key vendors in each area. Some of these agreements may be terminated upon relatively short notice. In addition, our plans for developing and implementing our financial information and billing systems rely to some extent on the design, development and delivery of products, software, applications, and services by third-party vendors. Our right to use these systems is dependent on agreements with third-party vendors and these systems may not perform as anticipated. \n If we fail to renegotiate or extend agreements with our suppliers as they expire, or if our suppliers terminate their agreements with us, experience a disruption or difficulty in raising necessary capital, go bankrupt, do not develop or enhance their products, services, software, or applications at all or in a timely manner, or experience interruptions or other problems delivering quality products, software, applications or services to us on a timely basis or at all, it may result in significantly increased prices or cause us to have difficulty providing services to or billing our customers, developing, delivering, and deploying new products (including sufficient volume and types) and services and/or upgrading, maintaining, improving our networks, generating accurate or timely financial reports and information, providing customer care, or meeting the demands, requirements or expectations of our customers. If alternative suppliers and vendors become necessary, we may not be able to obtain satisfactory and timely replacement services on economically attractive terms, or at all. Our reliance on others to provide essential products, software, applications, and services on our behalf also gives us less control over the efficiency, timeliness and quality of these products, software and services. Any failure of one of the vendors to meet their contractual commitments, to provide the products, software, services or applications we need or our customers demand or expect, the loss, termination or expiration of these agreements, or our inability to renew these arrangements at all or on favorable terms or negotiate agreements with other providers at comparable rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We rely heavily on indirect distribution channels. \n Unlike many of our competitors that rely upon “big box” retailers, company-owned stores, direct sales forces, and exclusive partners, our business model utilizes and relies predominately on indirect distribution outlets including a range of \n exclusive and non-exclusive local, regional and national mass-market dealers and retailers allowing us to reach the largest number of potential customers in our metropolitan areas at a relatively low cost. Approximately 90% of the sales of our handsets and services occur through these indirect distribution channels. Many of our dealers own and operate more than one location and may operate in more than one of our metropolitan areas. Because these third party dealers are the primary contact between us and our customers in many instances, including accepting payment for our services on our behalf, they play an important role in our ability to grow our business and in customer retention. There may also be risks associated with the actions taken by our distributors or the failure of our distributors to follow regulatory requirements. Additionally, with the current state of the United States economy, employment rates, mortgage foreclosures, delays in tax refunds, and the credit markets, in addition to our reduced growth, which may continue for the foreseeable future, some of our dealers and vendors have experienced, and may in the future experience, problems and may be unable to continue their operations or secure funds for their continued operations or to grow their operations. Further, due to the present economic conditions, we may be unable to find participants in our local markets that would qualify or be able to open a location to replace closed operations. Moreover, since we rely on such third parties to provide some of our services, any bankruptcy, termination, switch or disruption in service by such third parties or diminution in the number of such third parties could be costly and affect operating efficiencies and our ability to attract and retain customers which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Additionally, as more of our competitors use third party dealers to market and sell their products and services, competition for dealers is intense and larger competitors are able to offer higher commissions and other benefits. As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining dealers, or getting them to focus on distributing our products and services, and any inability to do so could have an adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We and our indirect dealers face direct competition with some of our other indirect distribution agents and dealers. \n Many of our indirect distribution outlets, primarily local dealers, are not our exclusive dealers, meaning that these dealers may sell other third party products, applications, content and services in direct competition with us and other indirect dealers in the same location. Additionally, we strive to ensure that our customers have access to a wide variety of products and services within their geographic area, which means some of our dealers may be located within close proximity to one another and compete for the same customer base. As a result of the direct competition we encounter in some of our dealer locations, the potential for competition among our local dealers, and competition and other promotional offers for non-exclusive dealers, we may experience reduced sales in certain geographic areas, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our agreements with our indirect distribution agents may be terminated on relatively short notice. \n Our agreements with our third party indirect distribution agents to market and sell our products and services can be terminated by us or by such indirect distribution agents on relatively short notice. Our competitors are focused on increasing their distribution, and the relatively short termination period may allow our competitors to switch our indirect distribution agents to their products and services. In addition, if the economy deteriorates or does not further improve, some of these indirect distribution agents may cease to operate. If we lose our indirect distribution, we may have difficulty finding new companies to distribute our products and services, or we may be forced to increase the amount of payments we make to our indirect distribution agents. If any of these occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operational results. \n We rely on DAS systems to provide our services more so than our competitors. \n We currently use, and plan to continue to use, DAS systems in lieu of traditional cell sites to provide service to certain critical portions of certain metropolitan areas. In order to construct DAS systems, the DAS provider will be required to obtain necessary authority from the relevant state and local regulatory authorities and to secure certain agreements, such as right of way agreements, in order to construct or operate the DAS systems. To the extent that the costs or rates of obtaining such DAS services increases, our future operating costs could increase. In addition, the DAS system provider may be required to construct a transport network as part of their construction of the DAS systems. These DAS systems may be leased and/or licensed from third party suppliers. Some of the DAS system providers we are using have not previously constructed or been authorized to construct DAS systems in certain of the areas we plan to build DAS systems so there may be unforeseen obstacles and delays in constructing the DAS systems in those areas. DAS systems also pose particular compliance challenges with regard to any regulatory requirements that may be adopted by the FCC, such as back-up power requirements, and may be susceptible to certain weather conditions, such as flooding or power outages. If any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply with applicable laws, could require us to spend significant amounts of additional capital, could \n delay or affect our ability to offer our services, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We utilize a limited number of cell site and DAS providers. \n We utilize a limited number of DAS providers and a significant portion of our cell sites are leased from a small number of cell site providers.  In addition, the cell site industry is consolidating. If our master agreement with one of our cell site or DAS providers were to terminate, or if the cell site or DAS system providers were to experience severe financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy, or if one of these cell site or DAS system providers were unable to support our use of its cell sites or DAS systems, we would have to find new sites or rebuild the affected portion of our network. In addition, the concentration of our cell site leases and DAS systems with a limited number of cell site and DAS system providers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results if we are unable to renew our expiring leases or DAS system agreements with these companies either on terms comparable to those we have today or at all. In addition, if any of the companies from which we lease towers or DAS systems were to consolidate with other cell site or DAS systems companies, they may be unable to honor obligations to us or have the ability to raise prices, which could materially affect our profitability. If a material number of cell sites or DAS systems were no longer available for our use, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may incur higher than anticipated intercarrier compensation costs and be drawn into intercarrier compensation disputes. \n When our customers use our service to call customers of other carriers, we are required in certain circumstances under the current intercarrier compensation scheme to pay the carrier that serves the called party, and any intermediary or transit carrier, for the use of their networks. And, as a wireless carrier we are not entitled to receive access payments from interexchange carriers who route calls for termination on our network. However, the FCC recently adopted an order that significantly reforms the existing intercarrier compensation scheme, adopting a unified intercarrier compensation regime for all traffic exchanged between all carriers, including CMRS carriers such as us. This new regime includes a transition period in which rates for the termination of non-intra MTA CMRS access will decrease over periods specified by the FCC, and will culminate in all traffic exchanged between carriers being at bill-and-keep, meaning that carriers will not charge each other for the exchange of traffic. Further, the new regime moved all intraMTA traffic exchanged between CMRS and local exchange carriers to bill-and-keep by the middle of 2012. The FCC's new intercarrier compensation regime is subject to numerous appeals and petitions for reconsideration, and we are unable to predict the outcome of such appeals and petitions for reconsideration at this time. In addition, the FCC has released a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in which it seeks comment on specifics related to the ultimate transition to a bill-and-keep regime. \n We resell third party international interexchange services in connection with certain of our international interexchange services. The charges for these services may be subject to change by the terminating or interconnecting carrier, or by the regulatory body or agency having jurisdiction in the applicable foreign country. In the event that the charges change, the terminating or interconnecting carrier may attempt to assess such charges retroactively on us or our third party international interexchange carrier, which charges may be substantial, or we may cease providing service to such foreign country, which may cause prospective customers to not subscribe to our service or current customers to terminate their service from us. If we are assessed additional charges on a retroactive basis, the use of our services results in significant intercarrier costs, we are unable or unwilling to offer services to certain foreign destinations, or prospective customers do not subscribe to our service or current customers terminate service with us, it could limit our ability to grow our customer base which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Some carriers who terminate calls originated by our customers have sought, and others may seek, to impose termination charges on us that we consider to be unreasonably high and have threatened to pursue, or have initiated or may initiate, claims against us to recover these charges. We have been drawn into multiple state commission proceedings in which local exchange carriers are seeking approval of past wireless termination rates that we consider to be excessive. The outcome of these claims is uncertain. A determination that we are liable for additional or excessive terminating compensation payments could subject us to additional claims by other carriers and while we have reserved funds we believe are appropriate for such claims, litigation is uncertain and the amount determined by a court or regulatory agency could be different than our reserves. Further, legal and business considerations inhibit our ability or willingness to block traffic to telecommunication carriers who demand unreasonable payments. The FCC, in its recent Order on Reconsideration reforming intercarrier compensation, has held that the exchange of intraMTA traffic between local exchange carriers and CMRS providers, when the parties have an interconnection agreement, will be exchanged at a default rate of bill-and-keep as of July 1, 2012. The FCC also held that the exchange of intraMTA traffic between local exchange carriers and CMRS providers, when the parties do not have an interconnection agreement, will be exchanged at a default rate of bill-and-keep as of December 29, 2011. While the impact of these changes in \n the intercarrier compensation arrangements between LECs and CMRS carriers generally is considered to be favorable to us, it is difficult to quantify the benefit of this. We also may be subject to protracted litigation proceedings pertaining to the new comprehensive intercarrier compensation regime that may subject us to substantial costs and result in uncertainty. In addition, certain transit carriers have taken the position that they can charge “market” rates for transit services, which rates may in some instances be significantly higher than our current rates or the rates we are willing to pay. While the FCC has recently released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on this issue, the outcome is uncertain.  We may be obligated to pay these higher rates and/or purchase services from others, engage in direct connection, or pay terminating compensation charges in the absence of negotiated agreements, which may result in higher costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n A portion of our third-party customer service and technical support providers and a portion of our revenue are derived from geographic areas susceptible to political instability and natural and other disasters. \n Our focus on major metropolitan areas and our use of third party suppliers and service providers, some of which are located in developing nations, such as Mexico, Panama, Antigua and the Philippines, may make the availability of our products and services more susceptible to certain events, including political upheavals, war, terrorist attacks, strikes, natural disasters, and pandemics. The outsourcing of certain customer and technical support lowers our operating costs and adds flexibility, but also adds risk as we rely on these third-party service providers to work directly on our behalf with our customers. Customers may react negatively to or have certain perceptions about our use of or their receiving direct customer and technical support from outside the U.S., especially with the current political scrutiny and focus on jobs being sent overseas and the security of personal information being sent overseas. In addition, a number of our markets and certain of our centralized network equipment are located in areas which have a history of natural disasters that may adversely affect our operations in those areas such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, or flooding. In certain instances we or our suppliers and service providers do not have redundant facilities. These national disasters could affect our ability to provide our services and cause us to have to stop or limit selling and servicing our customers and products. These events also may cause our networks to cease operating for a substantial period of time while we reconstruct or repair them and our competitors may be less affected than we are. Some network outages give rise to regulatory reporting obligations, which subject us to additional burdens and risks, and if we fail to meet such obligations, it could result in fines, forfeitures, consent decrees, corporate monitors or other adverse actions. We cannot provide any assurance that the business interruption insurance and property insurance we have will cover all losses we may experience as a result of such events, that the insurance carrier will be solvent, that rates will remain commercially reasonable, that the insurance carrier will not drop us, or that the insurance carrier will pay all claims made by us. If we experience any of these events, we may have reduced revenue, lower growth, increased churn, increased expenses, and reduced profitability, and may have difficulty finding new suppliers and vendors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified management and other personnel. \n Our business is managed by a small number of key executive officers, including our chief executive officer, Roger Linquist. None of our managing key executives has an employment contract, so any such executive officers may leave at any time subject to forfeiture of any unpaid performance awards and any unvested options or restricted stock. In addition, at this time, the exercise price of a substantial portion of the unvested options of our key executive officers is above, and in some cases significantly above, the current trading prices of our common stock. We believe that our future success depends in substantial part on our continued ability to attract and retain highly knowledgeable, qualified executive, technical and management personnel. Competition for highly qualified management, technical and sales personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will retain our key management, technical and sales employees, that we will be successful in attracting, assimilating or retaining other highly qualified management, technical and sales personnel in the future sufficient to support our continued growth, or that we will be successful in replacing any of our key management, technical and sales personnel that may retire or cease to be employed by us. We have experienced occasional difficulties in recruiting qualified personnel and there can be no assurance that we will not experience such difficulties in the future. The departure or retirement of, or our inability to attract or retain, highly qualified executive, technical and management personnel, including the chief executive officer, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are exposed to counterparty risk in our senior secured credit facility  and related interest rate protection agreements. \n We have entered into interest rate protection agreements to manage the Company's interest rate risk exposure by fixing a portion of the interest expense we pay under our senior secured credit facility; however, there can be no assurance that these will be effective or that we will be able to continue to enter into these agreements at a reasonable cost.  If the counterparties to such interest rate protection agreements fail to honor their commitments, we could experience higher interest rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The investment of our substantial cash balances are subject to risk. \n We have substantial cash balances and we can and have historically invested our substantial cash balances in, among other things, securities issued and fully guaranteed by the United States or any state, highly rated commercial paper and auction rate securities, money market funds meeting certain criteria, and demand deposits. As a result of uncertainty in the United States political arena, the United States economy, and the credit and financial markets, together with the potential impact of the failure of the United States government to raise the United States debt ceiling and the possible downgrade of the United States debt credit rating, the stability of the trading market for United States government securities and treasury auctions could be adversely impacted or impaired and the United States government may be unable to satisfy their obligations under any treasury securities we hold. We are also exposed to risks resulting from the deterioration in the financial condition of financial institutions holding our cash deposits, decisions of the investment managers of the money market funds and defaults in securities underlying the funds. All our investments are subject to credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risk. Such risks may result in a loss of liquidity, substantial impairment to our investments, realization of substantial future losses, or a complete loss of the investment in the long term, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and liquidity. \n Recent political changes could have an adverse effect on our relationship with our workforce. \n None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement or represented by an employee union. Legislation or regulatory, policies, rules and regulations have been proposed and may be enacted or promulgated which could impose additional requirements on us or make it easier for union organizing activities. If our employees become represented by an employee union or are subject to a collective bargaining agreement, it may make it more difficult for us to manage our business and to attract and retain new employees and may increase our cost of doing business. Having our employees become represented by an employee union, having a collective bargaining agreement or having additional requirements related to our employees imposed on us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are subject to numerous taxes, surcharges and fees from federal, state and local governments, and the applicability and the amount of these taxes, surcharges and fees is subject to great uncertainty and an increase in the amount of such taxes, surcharges and fees could have an adverse effect on our business. \n Communications providers pay a variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from interstate and intrastate services, including federal Universal Service Fund, or USF, fees and common carrier regulatory fees. Some of these fees are based on the division of our services between interstate services and intrastate services, including the divisions associated with the federal USF fees, which is a matter of interpretation and, in the future, may be contested by the FCC or state authorities. The FCC also may change in the future the basis on which federal USF fees are charged. The FCC has released a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in which it seeks comment on the contribution methodology and mechanism for USF.  If certain of the proposals are adopted, it could increase the amount of our contribution to USF which we may not be able to recover from our customers.  We cannot predict the outcome of this USF reform. The FCC may impose other charges or fees on our business, such as recurring spectrum usage or licensing fees. Many states also apply transaction-based taxes to sales of our products and services and to our purchases of communications services from various carriers. In addition, state regulators and local governments have imposed and may in the future impose various surcharges, taxes and fees on our services. Further, in some instances state legislatures have imposed different taxes, surcharges, fees and requirements on prepaid services than on post-paid services and in some cases it is uncertain which requirements apply to our services and some of the services which we compete with may be subject to lower taxes, surcharges, or regulatory fees. The jurisdictions may contest whether we have assessed and remitted the taxes, fees and surcharges correctly or have complied with such requirements. In addition, state and federal regulators periodically have and may in the future increase or change the taxes, surcharges and fees we currently pay. We believe we remit all applicable federal, state and local taxes, fees, costs and expenses as required, but we do not recover in all instances these regulatory and compliance taxes, fees, costs and expenses directly from our customers and there can be no assurance that we would be found to be fully compliant with the payment of such taxes, fees, costs and expenses. If we were to pass on these taxes, fees, costs and expenses to our customers in the future, it may affect our ability to retain and attract new customers. Because of fiscal budget deficits at many state and local jurisdictions, state and local municipalities may increase taxes, surcharges and regulatory fees on our services. Any increase in taxes, fees, surcharges, and expenses could reduce our growth, decrease our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profitability and increase our churn, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n As a taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service, as well as state and local tax authorities. These tax audits and examinations may result in tax liabilities that differ materially from those that we have recorded in our consolidated financial statements. Because the ultimate outcomes of these matters are uncertain, \n we can give no assurance as to whether an adverse result from one or more of them will have a material effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. \n Recently enacted health care reform legislation may increase our costs. \n Congress recently enacted sweeping health care reform legislation that will be implemented on a staggered basis over the next seven years. Health care reform as mandated and implemented under the legislation, and any future federal or state mandated health care reform, may increase the costs of our employer-sponsored medical plans either directly or as a result of providers passing through their increased costs. If the cost increase is material, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. \n Concerns about whether wireless telephones pose health and safety risks may lead to the adoption of new regulations or lawsuits that could adversely affect our business. \n Media reports and some studies have given rise to claims that radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets may be linked to various health concerns, including cancer, or interfere with various electronic devices, including air bags, hearing aids, pacemakers and other medical devices. The World Health Organization's International Agency for Research of Cancer has also stated that exposure to wireless handsets may be carcinogenic. Additional studies have been undertaken to determine whether the claims based on these reports and studies are accurate. Further lawsuits have also been filed against various participants in the wireless industry alleging various adverse health consequences as a result of wireless phone usage. While many of these alleged adverse health lawsuits have been dismissed on various grounds, including a lack of scientific evidence linking wireless handsets with such adverse health consequences, future lawsuits could be filed based on new evidence or in different jurisdictions. Most of these lawsuits allege personal injury claims, although courts have begun to permit claims for economic loss due to omissions or misrepresentations in the marketing of the handsets. If lawsuits regarding any of the above are filed against us, it could be costly to defend, divert management's attention from the business, and could subject us to substantial liability. If any such suits do succeed, or if plaintiffs are successful in negotiating settlements, it is likely additional suits would follow. In addition to health concerns, safety concerns have been raised with respect to the use of wireless handsets, including texting, while driving. Certain states and municipalities in which we provide service or plan to provide service have passed or proposed laws prohibiting or restricting the use of wireless phones while driving, prohibiting texting while driving, limiting use of wireless devices while driving by persons under the age of 18, or requiring the use of wireless headsets, and other states, municipalities and the federal government may do so in the future.  In addition, legislation has been introduced which would require prepaid carriers to collect and verify certain information from their subscribers.  We generally do not verify information we collect from our customers.  If we are required to do so it could affect our ability to sell our products or the willingness of certain third party distributors to sell our products. \n If consumers' health concerns over radio frequency emissions increase or safety concerns increase, the number of lawsuits filed against us may increase, consumers may be discouraged from using wireless handsets or services and regulators may impose restrictions or increased requirements on the location and operation of cell sites, the use or design of wireless telephones, the use of wireless handsets while driving, or the inclusion of an earpiece on all wireless telephones that would enable the use of wireless telephones without holding them against the user's head. Such legislation or regulation could increase the cost of our wireless handsets, reduce demand for our products and services, increase other operating expenses, or expose wireless providers to further litigation, including litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injury allegedly incurred as a result of wireless telephone use, which, even if not successful, may be costly to defend, could divert management's attention from our business, and could subject us to significant liability. See also “Settlements, judgments, restraints on our current or future manner of doing business or legal costs resulting from pending or future litigation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results” under General Matters. In addition, compliance with such new requirements, and the associated costs, could adversely affect our business. The actual or perceived risk of radio frequency emissions could adversely affect us through a reduction in customers or a reduction in the availability of financing in the future. If any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n System failures, security breaches and the unauthorized use of or interference with our information technology systems and networks could cause delays or interruptions of service or unauthorized use or dissemination of customer information, increase our cost of operations, and may result in harm to our business reputation, which could cause us to lose customers. \n To be successful, we must provide our customers reliable, trustworthy service and protect the communications, location and personal information shared or generated by our customers. We rely upon our systems and networks and the systems and networks of other providers and vendors to provide and support all of our services and, in some cases, to protect our customers' and our information. Some of the risks to our information technology systems and our networks and infrastructure, which may \n prevent us from providing reliable service or which may allow for the unauthorized interception, destruction, use or dissemination of our customers' communications, location or personal information, include: \n • physical damage, power surges or outages or equipment failure; \n • vendor or supplier failures or delays; \n • viruses, malware, worms, software defects, Trojan horses, unsolicited mass advertising, denial of service and other malicious or abusive attacks by third parties, including cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security; \n • fraud, including customer credit card fraud, subscription or dealer fraud; \n • unauthorized use of our or our providers' networks; \n • unauthorized access to our information technology, billing, customer care and provisioning systems and networks and those of our vendors and other providers; \n • human error; \n • demands placed on our network by devices, services or content demanded by our customers; \n • disruptions, damage or unauthorized access beyond our control, including disruptions or damage, or unauthorized access caused by criminal or terrorist activities, theft, natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fire, power surges, or equipment failure; and \n • failures in operational support systems. \n Network disruptions (including breaches of our network security), whether from natural causes or manmade, may cause interruptions in service, degradation of service, breaches, dissemination, destruction of or access to customer communications, location information, or personal information, excessive call volumes to call centers, damage to our or our customers' equipment, theft of or illegal access to customer communications, location information, or information, or reduced capacity for customers, any of which could cause us to lose customers, lose revenue, suffer reputational and goodwill damages, embroil us in litigation and cause us to incur remediation costs, including liability for stolen information, repairing systems, or incentives offered to customers after an attack and increased cyber security protection costs, including organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and technologies, and training or engaging consultants. Some portions of our network are not fully redundant and our disaster relief plans may not be adequate or timely. The resulting interruption or failure to provide our services, including the harm to our reputation, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We also purchase equipment, including handsets, and license software from third parties, including some that may originate in China.  While we generally test equipment and software we purchase that we put in our networks, we cannot be assured that such equipment or software does not contain software defects, Trojan horses, malware, or other means by which third parties could access our network or the information, including our customer communications, location information, or information stored or transmitted on such networks or equipment. \n As a predominantly unlimited service provider we typically do not have as robust a system to detect customer fraud as other wireless broadband mobile carriers. In addition, we may be subject to fraud by our indirect distribution channel as they are generally paid based on gross additions and on the service plan they sign a customer up for initially. Further, our administrative and capital costs associated with detecting, monitoring and reducing the incidence of fraud and illegal attempts to access our systems to destroy or steal our customer information, or the costs to replace or repair the network or facilities (or portions thereof), may be substantial, thus causing our costs to provide service to increase. Fraudulent use of our networks may also impact interconnection and domestic and international long distance costs, capacity costs, roaming costs, administrative costs, fraud prevention costs and payments to other carriers for such fraud. If the safeguards we have instituted to protect, detect and control such fraud and illegal access to our systems and networks are not successful, such fraud, illegal access, or increased costs could impact on our financial results, impair our service resulting in higher churn as our competitors systems may not experience similar problems, and damage our reputation and goodwill, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Despite our network security, processes and strategies we have put in place with respect to our systems and networks, including confidential customer data, our physical facilities, information systems and networks are not completely secure and may be vulnerable to physical or on-line break-ins, computer viruses, malware, sabotage, theft, attacks by hackers, cyber attacks or similar disruptive problems. If hackers/cyber thieves gain improper access to our networks, systems, or databases, they may be able to access, steal, publish, delete, misappropriate or modify confidential personal information concerning our customers that could result in harm to our customers and additional harm perpetrated by third parties who are given access to the consumer data, which could give rise to loss of goodwill, customer churn, and litigation against us. Due to the evolving techniques used in cyber attacks and by hackers to sabotage or gain unauthorized access to our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or implement adequate preventive measures in time or prevent such unauthorized access, we may need to expend \n significant resources to protect against security breaches to address problems caused by breaches, and our insurance may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by such security breaches. The actual or perceived failure of our network's security could damage our reputation and public perception of our ability to provide a secure service, which could adversely affect our ability to retain or gain new customers, expose us to significant liability, sanctions, fines and litigation, increase churn and have a resulting material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters \n Our ability to provide service to our customers and generate revenues could be harmed by adverse regulatory action. \n Our FCC licenses are major assets that are integral to our ability to provide our services. Our FCC licenses need to be periodically renewed and are subject to revocation and we may be subject to fines, forfeitures, penalties or other sanctions, including the imposition of mandatory reporting requirements, license conditions, corporate monitors, forfeiture of existing licenses, denial of renewal, and limitations on our ability to participate in future FCC auctions, if the FCC were to find that we are not in compliance with its rules or the requirements of the Communications Act. The licensing requirements we must meet also are subject to change by the FCC. Many of our licenses are subject to interim or final construction requirements and there is no guarantee that the FCC will find our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, sufficient to meet the applicable construction requirements. If the FCC finds that our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, is insufficient, the FCC could, among other things, find that we are not a qualified licensee and revoke any or all of our licenses, refuse to renew such licenses, and impose other penalties and sanctions. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable license conditions or regulatory requirements could result in revocation or termination of our licenses, the loss of rights to serve unbuilt areas and/or fines and forfeitures, or a refusal to renew the licenses. We have had inquiries from regulatory agencies regarding our compliance with regulatory requirements, and we may in the future receive additional inquiries. We have responded, are in the process of responding, or will respond to such inquiries. The regulatory obligations we have are complex and are subject to interpretation. We cannot give any assurance that the FCC will agree with our compliance efforts or that the FCC will not impose fines, fees, or forfeitures, seek a consent decree, or take other adverse action against us.  In addition, we have entered into consent decrees imposing additional requirements on us. \n We must renew our FCC licenses periodically. Renewal applications are subject to FCC review and public comment to ensure that licensees meet their licensing requirements and comply with other applicable FCC requirements, rules and regulations. For all PCS, AWS and 700 MHz licenses, the FCC also requires that a licensee provide substantial service in order to receive a renewal expectancy. There is no guarantee that the FCC will find our completed system construction sufficient to meet the build out or renewal requirement. Additionally, while incumbent licensees enjoy a certain renewal expectancy if they provide substantial service, the substantial service standard is not well articulated and there is no guarantee that the FCC will conclude that we are providing substantial service or that we are entitled to a renewal expectancy, or will renew all or any of our licenses, without the imposition of adverse conditions. The FCC has released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking to create consistent requirements for renewal of licenses and consistent consequences for discontinuance of service, and to clarify certain construction obligations. The proposed changes to the existing renewal and discontinuance of service requirements may be applied retroactively to existing licenses that will be renewed in the future. If the changed requirements are applied retroactively to our existing licenses, the FCC may determine that our construction, or the construction undertaken by prior licensees, or the actions taken by us, or the prior licensees, relating to the buildout or discontinuance of service does not satisfy such changed requirements and determine not to renew our licenses. If we fail to file for renewal of any particular license at the appropriate time, or fail to meet any regulatory requirements for renewal, including construction and substantial service requirements, we could be denied a license renewal or be subject to a competing application. The FCC also may impose additional regulatory requirements or conditions on our licenses or our business and may impose a substantial renewal fee to allow a licensee to continue to use a particular spectrum. Such additional regulatory requirements, fees or conditions could increase the cost of doing business, could cause disruption to existing networks, and could require us to make substantial investments. Any loss or impairment of any of these licenses, failure to renew, fines and forfeitures, the imposition of conditions, the entry into consent decrees, or other actions by the FCC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We may be unable to obtain necessary governmental authorizations and permits on reasonable terms and conditions. \n Our ability to operate our business is dependent on, among other things, our ability to obtain a variety of governmental authorizations and permits in the planning, construction and operation of our networks. Obtaining governmental authorizations and permits can be very time consuming and time sensitive and require compliance with a wide array of administrative and procedural rules. Further, constructing cell sites may require zoning and other variances and permits from local agencies which are subject to public input. Public input on zoning and other variances may be negative, which could lead local agencies to deny permits necessary for us to construct or modify our sites. To remain competitive, we must obtain such authorizations and \n permits on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and on acceptable terms and conditions. If we cannot obtain the necessary governmental authorizations and permits at all or on reasonable terms and conditions, we may incur substantial costs associated with finding an alternate, viable resolution, relocating sites and infrastructure and writing off cost and expenses associated with sites we are unable to use, and we may experience a delay or impairment in the provisioning of our services which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We are subject to significant federal, state and local regulation. \n Our business is subject to a wide array of rules, regulations, and orders promulgated by local, state, and federal agencies. The FCC regulates most aspects of our business and the provision of our services, including the licensing, construction, modification, operation, ownership, sale and interconnection of wireless communications systems, as do some state and local regulatory agencies. \n For instance, the FCC generally regulates many aspects of interstate and intrastate communications and state utility commissions generally regulate many aspects of intrastate communications. Generally, we must obtain and maintain certificates of authority from the FCC and from regulatory bodies in certain states where we offer regulated services, and we are subject to numerous, and often quite detailed, requirements under federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. These regulations are complex and subject to interpretation. Accordingly, we cannot ensure that we are always in compliance with all these requirements. The agencies responsible for the enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations may initiate inquiries or actions against us based on customer complaints or on their own initiative. \n We cannot assure you that the FCC or any state or local agencies having jurisdiction over our business will not impose new or revised regulatory requirements, new or increased costs, or require changes in our current or planned operations. Indeed, the FCC has initiated a series of inquiries and rulemaking proceedings pertaining to the wireless industry that could result in material changes in the applicable rules and policies and may increase the regulation of the industry and increase our costs and limit our flexibility and ability to compete. In addition, based on the outcome of the FCC proceedings, various state commissions may consider changes to their universal service funds or intrastate access rates. For these reasons, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of these proceedings at this time. \n The FCC has adopted an expansive view of the scope of its regulatory authority over wireless carriers which are licensed under Title III of the Communications Act which could enable the FCC to impose regulatory mandates in additional areas. The FCC and state regulatory agencies also are increasingly focused on the quality of service, customer disclosures, customer privacy, and customer support that wireless carriers provide and the FCC and several agencies have proposed or enacted new and potentially burdensome regulations in this area. Recently, several state commissions also took a proactive role in reviewing a major wireless merger transaction and this trend, if it continues, could subject such companies to additional state regulatory requirements in connection with such transactions. The Communications Act, from which the FCC obtains its authority, and state regulatory enabling legislation may be interpreted in a manner that imposes additional costs for compliance or be further amended in a manner that could be adverse to us. Further, with past and possible future changes in the composition of Federal and state legislatures and regulatory commissions, there may be additional legislative or regulatory changes that affect our business.The FCC also may change its rules or make spectrum allocations in bands adjacent or proximate to those licensed to us, which could result in adverse consequences to our business, including harmful interference to our existing networks and spectrum. If, as a result of interference, our customers experience a significant increase in dropped calls or significantly degraded service, we could experience higher churn and we may have difficulty adding additional customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, our financial condition and operating results. In addition, the interference may cause our networks to have reduced capacity, which may require us to incur additional costs of adding cell sites or DAS nodes and to spend additional capital or may limit our ability to serve our customers, limit our growth, or increase our churn. There can be no assurance that future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that such regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with regard to our compliance or noncompliance with regulations applicable to us. \n We also are subject, or potentially subject, to a number of additional federal, state, and local laws, rules, ordinances and requirements, including, but not limited to, common carrier obligations; universal service obligations; number portability requirements; number pooling rules; rules governing billing, subscriber privacy, subscriber personal information, and customer proprietary network information; tower lighting and painting; access to E911 and location accuracy requirements; roaming obligations; rules that require wireless service providers to configure their networks to facilitate electronic surveillance by law enforcement officials; rate averaging and integration requirements; emergency warning requirements; bill shock; rules governing spam, telemarketing and truth-in-billing; equal employment opportunity reporting requirements; tower siting, historic preservation, and outage reporting; open Internet requirements; and rules requiring us to offer equipment and services that are accessible to and usable by persons with disabilities, among others. There are also pending proceedings including, but \n not limited to, proceedings exploring the imposition of various types of nondiscrimination and open access obligations on our handsets and networks; the prohibition of handset exclusivity; handset interoperability; the possible re-imposition of bright-line spectrum aggregation requirements; further regulation of special access used for wireless backhaul services; requirements relating to information to be provided to customers or information collected by us; allocation of additional spectrum for wireless services, including modifying rules related to use of existing spectrum for wireless use; among others. States may also seek additional authority from the FCC to regulate certain CMRS services if the FCC finds that CMRS services are the functional equivalent of local exchange services. As wireless substitution for local exchange services increases or the percent of the population which uses wireless devices increases, it may become more likely that CMRS services experience further regulation. Additionally, we may be subject to claims for violations of environmental law, regardless of fault, as a lessee or owner of any of our tower sites. Some of these requirements and pending proceedings, including without limitation those described above, pose technical and operational challenges to which we, and the industry as a whole, have not yet developed clear solutions and may require us to spend money to become in compliance. Further, these requirements generally are the subject of pending FCC, federal, state or local administrative or judicial proceedings, and we are unable to predict how they may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. \n Our business also is subject to various other regulations, including certain regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities Exchange Commission, the Department of Labor, and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies. Adverse decisions or regulations of these regulatory bodies could negatively impact our operations and costs of doing business. Because of our smaller size, relatively smaller resources, management structure, more limited spectrum holdings, concentration of operations in a few states in major metropolitan areas, and composition of our current and prospective customer base, governmental regulations and orders can disproportionately increase our costs, divert management attention, require us to change our process or management structure, and affect our competitive position compared to other larger telecommunications providers. For example, legislative and regulatory bodies have raised issues and concerns and proposed new legislation limiting the ability of American companies to use certain foreign vendors to supply equipment, materials and other services used in the operation of our business. Recently members of Congress and certain regulatory agencies have expressed concern with regard to the US trade imbalance with China, the alleged violations of intellectual property rights by Chinese companies and potential security risks purchasing equipment and software from Chinese companies. In October 2012, the U.S. House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence issued a report asserting that network equipment manufactured by Chinese telecommunications companies poses a security threat to the United States and recommending the use of other network vendors. The report also recommends that Congress consider adopting legislation to address the purported risk posed by telecommunications companies with nation-state ties. If new legislation or regulation is passed restricting the purchase of goods and services from certain countries, it could result in significant cost and the loss of certain economies of scale garnered from extensive negotiations. It could also limit our ability to have access to handsets and other subscriber equipment for prices our customers demand.  We are unable to predict the scope, pace or financial impact of regulations and other policy changes that could be adopted by the various governmental entities that oversee portions of our business. As previously noted herein, a variety of changes in regulatory policies are under  consideration and depending upon the outcomes, the changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Compliance with current or future federal, state, or local laws, regulations, rules, and ordinances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, including but not limited to increasing our operating expenses or costs, requiring us to obtain new or additional authorizations or permits, requiring us to change our business and customer service processes, limiting our ability to attract and retain certain customer segments, decreasing our ability to compete or differentiate our services, increasing our costs and expenses to offer services, increasing the costs of our services to our customers, requiring system and network upgrades, requiring process, system or management structure changes, requiring greater transparency for our services and network management techniques, lengthening the time required to develop and deploy new services or products, increasing cost of insurance coverage, requiring us to hire additional employees, requiring us to spend significant additional capital, limiting the capacity of our networks, limiting the services we can offer our customers, and requiring us to change our business strategy and service plans. A failure to meet, or maintain compliance with, federal, state or local regulations, laws, rules or ordinances also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, including, but not limited to, subjecting us to fines, forfeitures, penalties, license revocations, or other sanctions, including the imposition of mandatory reporting requirements and corporate monitors, limitations on our ability to participate in future FCC auctions or acquisitions of spectrum, corporate bars, officer or director bars, and compliance programs and corporate monitors. In addition, a material failure to comply with regulations or statutory requirements may limit our ability to draw certain amounts under our senior secured credit facility or could result in a default under our senior secured credit facility or the indentures or supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n In addition, there have been several qui tam lawsuits against carriers in the telecommunications industry and, with the passage of federal legislation regarding whistleblowers, such lawsuits may increase. Qui tam lawsuits generally are filed under seal in the first instance and companies may not know that they are a target of such a lawsuit unless and until it is made public. The person bringing the suit may share in any recovery by the government, which encourages lawsuits of this kind. Certain wireless companies who have participated in spectrum auctions as designated entities have become the target of qui tam lawsuits claiming that those wireless companies have defrauded the United States Government by investing in “designated entities”, or DEs, taking bidding credits and otherwise receiving benefits in FCC spectrum auctions to which such wireless companies were not entitled. Another carrier has become the target of a qui tam lawsuit alleging irregularities in-state sales tax payments.  Recent legislation also gives whistleblowers a potential financial stake in potential recoveries flowing from violations of securities or other laws.  If we become the target of a qui tam lawsuit or whistleblower action, the resulting distraction to management and costs to defend may be material. If we become a target of a qui tam lawsuit and are found to have defrauded the government, the damages may include civil penalties of up to $11,000 for each claim, plus a penalty of three times the amount of the damages sustained by the government, and may include the revocation of any licenses held by us, that were granted as a result of such fraud. If we lost those licenses originally acquired by a DE or if we are required to repay the bidding credits they received, or to pay damages and civil penalties under a qui tam or whistleblower lawsuit, or an audit concluded that we had not complied with the DE requirements, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n New rules regarding net neutrality may have a material adverse effect on our business. \n In 2010, the FCC enacted new “net neutrality” rules based on three core principles of (1) transparency, (2) no blocking, and (3) no unreasonable discrimination. Mobile broadband Internet providers, such as us, are subject to transparency disclosure requirements and a requirement that such carriers would not block access to lawful websites or applications that compete with such carriers voice or video telephony application. These rules became effective on November 20, 2011. These new rules will permit broadband service providers to exercise “reasonable network management” for legitimate management purposes, such as management of congestion, harmful traffic, and network security. The rules also permit usage-based billing, and permit broadband service providers to offer additional specialized services such as facilities-based IP voice services, without being subject to restrictions on discrimination. These rules are subject to interpretation and have not been applied by the FCC or reviewed by the courts. The rules have also been challenged before the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit by us and others, and we are unable to predict the outcome of these appeals. Prior to the effective date of such rules, we already have been the subject of third party challenges at the FCC to the manner in which we are configuring and managing our wireless broadband mobile Internet access services and network. These challenges, and others that might follow, could limit our ability to offer differentiated services, and to price our services to be competitive with other providers of broadband Internet access services. They have and could in the future subject us to negative publicity and damage to our reputation and good will, and could distract or divert the attention of management and resources of the company. These net neutrality rules will be enforced based on a case-by-case complaint basis and may adversely affect our business by limiting our ability to manage our customers' use of our network, requiring us to provide third party access to our networks on terms and conditions that jeopardize our flat-rate, unlimited usage pricing plans, constraining our ability to offer innovative differentiated services, limiting our ability to offer our services on a competitive basis with other providers, or requiring us to disclose information that may subject us to further litigation. Our ability to employ network management techniques, or to manage bandwidth-intensive applications or uses, may be impaired in a manner that reduces the quality of our services for all customers. The result could be a decline in the quality of our services. If any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n General Matters \n Our stock price has historically been, and may continue to be, volatile and you may lose all or some of your investment. \n The trading prices of the securities of communications companies historically have been highly volatile. In particular, the trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to be, subject to wide fluctuations. Our stock price may fluctuate in reaction to a number of events and factors that may include, among other things: \n • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our or our competitors' operating and financial results; \n • introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors or changes in service plans or pricing by us or our competitors; \n • analyst projections, predictions and forecasts, analyst target prices for our securities and changes in, or our failure to meet, securities analysts' expectations; \n • entry of new competitors into our markets or perceptions of increased price competition, including a price war; \n • our performance, including subscriber growth, and our financial and operational metric performance; \n • concentration of offered services and assets in the U.S., in particular limited major metropolitan areas; \n • changes in our credit rating or future prospects; \n • disruptions of our operations or service providers necessary to our network operations; \n • seasonal effects on, or other variations in, our customer base and our business metrics, including churn and net gains; \n • market perceptions relating to our services, network, handsets and deployment of our 4G LTE platform and our access to iconic handsets, services, applications or content; \n • our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis that are attractive to our customers or that meet our customers' expectations or demands; \n • challenges to our intellectual property rights or claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others; \n • pending or threatened litigation or regulatory investigations; \n • adoption of or changes in governmental regulations and new accounting standards; \n • conditions and trends in the communications and high technology markets; \n • adverse publicity regarding our Company; \n • announcements of, rumors of, predictions of, or the consummation of mergers, acquisitions, sales, strategic alliances or significant agreements, or resources of, or lack of, any of the foregoing, by us, about us, or by or about our competitors, including the current announcement regarding the transaction with T-Mobile; \n • announcements by us or competitors of significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; \n • announcement by us regarding the entering into, or termination of, material transactions or agreements; \n • sales of our common stock by our directors, executive officers, affiliates, significant stockholders, or us; \n • the amount of short interest in our securities; \n • volatility in stock market prices and volumes, which is particularly common among securities of telecommunications companies; \n • market perceptions of the wireless communications industry and valuation models for us and the industry; \n • the general state of the U.S. and world economies; \n • the availability or perceived availability of additional capital in general and our access to such capital; \n • availability of additional spectrum, whether by the announcement, commencement, bidding and closing of auctions for new spectrum or acquisitions of other businesses; \n • recruitment or departure of key personnel, management or board members; and \n • failure to timely file periodic reports. \n In addition, the stock market has been generally volatile and has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which may continue for the foreseeable future. This volatility has had a significant impact on the trading price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in the communications industry. The trading price of our stock is volatile and has fallen significantly since our initial public offering. These changes frequently occur irrespective of the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the trading price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business, financial condition and operating results. The price volatility and continued decrease in our stock price could subject us to takeover bids, actions by the NYSE and possible losses for stockholders. \n Your ownership interest could be diluted by future issuances of shares that our Board has the authority to issue, and such future issuances or sales of such shares may adversely affect the market price of MetroPCS' common stock. \n We have registered all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity incentive compensation plans; thus, when we issue shares under these plans, the shares generally can be freely sold in the public market subject to any requirements under the Securities Act. Our executive officers can establish sales plans to sell the securities they receive from these plans and several have such plans in place. We also have granted certain of our stockholders the right to require us to register their shares of our common stock. Our Articles of Incorporation currently allows us to have up to one billion shares of common stock outstanding which is substantially more than the number of shares of common stock currently outstanding. We also have filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which allows us to issue registered debt, equity and other securities, including common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and guarantees of debt securities, in addition to the amounts already outstanding. The securities registered under this universal shelf registration statement could be offered from time to time with little or no advance notice, separately or together, directly by us or through underwriters, at amounts, prices, interest rates and other terms and conditions to be determined at the time of any offering. In addition, in connection with any potential transaction we may agree to issue additional shares of common stock and, depending on the amount we issue, we may need shareholder approval. If we register, or propose to register, any additional securities under the Securities Act, for our own account, for the account of security holders exercising registration rights or otherwise, the number of shares subject to registration could increase and your interest could be significantly diluted and the sale of these shares may have a negative impact on the market price for our common stock. Further, the sale or issuance of a substantial amount of our common stock, or the possibility of such a sale, including sales by significant stockholders, directors, affiliates or executives of the Company, may reduce the market price of \n our common stock and could impede our ability to raise future capital through the issuance of equity securities at a time and at a price we deem appropriate. \n If we fail to manage our planned growth effectively or maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. \n We have experienced rapid growth and development in a relatively short period of time and expect to continue to experience growth in the future. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud and to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC, collectively referred to as SOX. SOX requires us to furnish a report of management's assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as part of this annual report on Form 10-K , and our management also is required to report on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. We regularly evaluate our internal controls, and our independent auditors annually attest to our internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with SOX. Material weaknesses could result in inaccurate financial statements or other disclosures or failure to prevent fraud. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, or to successfully remediate any material weaknesses in a timely manner, we may not comply with SOX and our independent auditors would be unable to certify as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and our stock price could fall and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities or delisting from the NYSE. Further, any material weakness or failure of our internal controls, or the effectiveness of our internal controls, could result in a restatement of our financial statements which could also lead to a decline in our stock price. Inadequate internal controls also could harm our reputation, cause us to lose customers, or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Any restatement of our financial statements could have adverse consequences, including the triggering of an event of default under any senior secured credit facility and the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, our credit rating could be downgraded, which could result in an increase in our borrowing costs and make it more difficult to borrow funds on reasonable terms or at all, the NYSE could begin delisting proceedings, key executives may depart, and we could have stockholder litigation or SEC enforcement action, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the market price for our securities and on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n The value of our FCC licenses may drop in the future as a result of volatility in the marketplace and the sale of additional spectrum by the FCC. \n The market value of FCC licenses has been subject to significant volatility in the past and the value of our licenses may continue to fluctuate based on market conditions, the availability of spectrum, whether through consolidation in the industry, FCC regulatory action or auction, the availability of buyers and sellers, changes in our business plans, and the inability to ascertain the value of any license due to such volatility. The impact of the availability of spectrum from any future actions and auctions, or spectrum flexibility relief, on license values is uncertain. While the value of these licenses is determined using a market approach for purposes of our impairment testing, those values differ from what would ultimately be realized in a sales transaction, which could be material. Intangible assets are by their nature not readily saleable and could be subject to significant delays in their liquidation, including FCC approval prior to the sale of our FCC licenses. There can be no assurance of the market value of our FCC licenses or that the market value of our FCC licenses will not be volatile in the future, whether as a result of consolidation in the industry, the sale of spectrum by one or more carriers, the flexibility of options allowed for spectrum not currently used for wireless mobile broadband services, change in our business plans, or an FCC auction. If the value of our licenses was to decline significantly, we could be forced to record non-cash impairment charges that could impact our ability to borrow additional funds. A significant impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our net income and on the carrying value of our licenses on our balance sheet, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price for our securities and on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Declines in our operating performance could ultimately result in an impairment of our indefinite-lived assets, including FCC licenses, or our long-lived assets, including property and equipment. \n We assess potential impairments to our long-lived assets, including property and equipment and certain intangible assets, when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess potential impairments to indefinite-lived intangible assets, including FCC licenses, annually and when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment condition may exist. The estimation of fair values or carrying values requires assumptions by management about factors that are highly uncertain and possibly volatile, including future cash flow, stock prices, discount rates and other factors. If adverse economic conditions, poor consumer confidence, \n reduced consumer spending, or volatile and decreasing stock prices, including our stock, continues for a period of time or we do not achieve our planned operating results, these factors may ultimately result in a non-cash impairment charge to earnings, which could be material, related to our long-lived assets and/or our indefinite-lived intangible assets. A significant impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and on the carrying value of our FCC licenses and/or our long-lived assets on our balance sheet, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price for our securities and on our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Changes in interpretations of accounting requirements, changes in industry practice or the identification of errors or changes in management assumptions could require amendments to or restatements of financial information or disclosures included in this or prior filings with the SEC. \n We prepare our consolidated financial statement in accordance with GAAP and file such financial statements with the SEC in accordance with the SEC's rules and regulations. The preparation of financial statements requires our management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience, our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other various assumptions and information that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances when made, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Changes in accounting requirements or in guidance or interpretations related to such requirements, changes in industry practice or the identification of errors or changes in estimates or assumptions could require restatements of financial information or amendments to disclosures included in this or prior filings with the SEC. For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, see “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Item 7 of this annual report. If future events or assumptions differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, these events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. \n Even with our current levels of indebtedness, we may incur additional indebtedness. \n The terms of the agreements governing our long-term indebtedness, subject to specified limitations, allow for the incurrence of additional indebtedness by us and our subsidiaries. Although we have substantial indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more debt under our senior secured credit facility and our indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, which could further reduce the cash we have available to invest in our operations as a result of our increased debt service obligations. In addition, the more leveraged we become, the more we, and in turn the holders of our securities, become exposed to the risks described above in the risk factor entitled “ Our operations require continued capital expenditures and working capital, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain suitable financing to fund such capital requirements. ” \n In order to provide additional flexibility, we have filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC to register debt, equity and other securities, including common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and guarantees of debt securities. The securities registered under this universal shelf registration statement could be offered from time to time with little or no advance notice, separately or together, directly by us or through underwriters, at amounts, prices, interest rates and other terms and conditions to be determined at the time of any offering. \n To service our debt, we will require a significant amount of cash, which may not be available to us. \n Our ability to meet our existing or future debt obligations and to reduce our indebtedness will depend on our future performance and the other cash requirements of our business. Our performance, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic conditions, financial, competitive, business, political, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future to make payment on our debt will depend on the satisfaction of covenants in our senior secured credit facility, the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, other debt agreements and other agreements we may enter into in the future. Specifically, we will need to maintain certain financial ratios. We cannot assure you that we will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations at or above current levels or that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt or repay all of our indebtedness in a timely manner or on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to satisfy our financial covenants or generate sufficient cash to timely repay our debt, our lenders could accelerate the maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. As a result, we believe we may need to refinance all or a portion of our remaining existing indebtedness prior to its maturity. Disruptions in the financial markets, the general amount of debt refinancings occurring at the same time, and our financial position and performance could make it more \n difficult to obtain debt or equity financing on reasonable terms or at all. Prevailing market conditions could be adversely affected by the ongoing disruptions in the European sovereign debt markets, the failure of the United States to reduce its deficit in amounts deemed to be sufficient, failure to raise the United States debt ceiling, possible further downgrades in the credit ratings of the U.S. debt, contractions or limited growth in the economy or other similar adverse economic developments in the U.S. or abroad. Instability in the global financial markets has from time to time resulted in periodic volatility in the capital markets. This volatility could limit our access to the credit markets, leading to higher borrowing costs or, in some cases, the inability to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Any such failure to obtain additional financing could jeopardize our ability to repay, refinance or reduce debt obligations. \n Our outstanding debt is subject to a change in control provision and in the event of a change in control we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to fulfill our obligations. \n Under our indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes and the terms of our senior secured credit facility, upon the occurrence of a change in control as defined therein, we would be required to offer to repurchase all of our outstanding senior notes and repay our outstanding debt under our senior secured credit facility. Under our indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, if certain “change of control” events occur and we experience a downgrade of our credit rating within a specified period of time, each holder of notes may require us to repurchase all of such holder's notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. We may not have sufficient access to funds at the time of the change in control event to make the required offer to repurchase or pay down our outstanding debt. Additionally, a default under the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes would result in a default under our senior secured credit facility. Any failure to make or complete a change in control offer would place us in default under our indentures and senior secured credit facility. \n Our senior secured credit facility and the indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes include restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility. \n Our senior secured credit facility and indentures and supplemental indentures governing our senior notes impose material operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions, subject in certain cases to ordinary course of business and other exceptions, may limit our ability to engage in some transactions, including the following: \n • incurring additional debt; \n • paying dividends, redeeming capital stock or making other restricted payments or investments; \n • selling or buying assets, properties or licenses; \n • developing assets, properties or licenses which we have or in the future may procure; \n • creating liens on assets; \n • participating in future FCC auctions of spectrum or private sales of spectrum; \n • engaging in mergers, acquisitions, business combinations, or other transactions; \n • merging, consolidating or disposing of assets; \n • entering into transactions with affiliates; and \n • placing restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments. \n These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain debt financing, repurchase stock, refinance or pay principal on our outstanding debt, complete acquisitions for cash or debt or react to changes in our operating environment or the economy. Any future debt that we incur may contain similar or more restrictive covenants. \n Any failure to comply with the restrictions of the senior secured credit facility or the indentures or supplemental indentures governing our senior notes, or certain current and any subsequent financing agreements may result in an event of default under these agreements, which in turn may result in defaults or acceleration of obligations under these agreements and other agreements, giving our lenders the right to terminate any commitments they had made to provide us with further funds and to require us to repay all amounts then outstanding. \n Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and our senior creditors would have a prior secured claim to any collateral securing the debt owed to them. \n Our ability to make payments on our debt, to repay our existing indebtedness when due, and to fund operations and significant planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to produce cash from operations is subject to a number of risks, including: \n • introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors, changes in service plans or pricing by us or our competitors, or promotional offers; \n • our ability to maintain our current cost structure; and \n • our ability to continue to grow our customer base and maintain our projected levels of churn. \n Our substantial debt service obligations could have important material consequences to you, including the following: \n • limiting our ability to borrow money or sell stock to fund working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, technological initiatives and other general corporate purposes; \n • making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; \n • increasing our vulnerability to competition, general economic downturns and industry conditions and limiting our ability to withstand competitive pressure; \n • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the communications industry; \n • limiting our ability to increase our capital expenditures to roll out new services or to upgrade our networks to new technologies; \n • limiting our ability to purchase additional spectrum or develop new metropolitan areas in the future; \n • reducing the amount of cash available for working capital needs, capital expenditures for existing and new markets and other corporate purposes by requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness; and \n • placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors who are less leveraged than we are. \n Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations, limit our ability to obtain additional spectrum, or limit our ability to expand our business as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, a substantial portion of our debt, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facility, bears interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase, variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flow. While we have and may enter into agreements limiting our exposure to higher interest rates in the future, any such agreements may not offer complete protection from this risk, and any portion not subject to such  agreements would have full exposure to higher interest rates. \n Settlements, judgments, restraints on our current or future manner of doing business or legal costs resulting from pending or future litigation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. \n We are regularly involved in a number of legal proceedings before various state and federal courts, the FCC, and state and local regulatory agencies. Such legal proceedings can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. Also, changes in the law or legal interpretations can affect the outcome of existing rules. The assessment of the outcome of legal proceedings, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control. The outcome of litigation, including amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or other resolution of litigation and other contingencies, may differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements. In addition, litigation or similar proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future manner of doing business. Further, litigation could be costly to defend, divert management's attention from our business, and could subject us to substantial liability. Such potential outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or ability to do business. Further, while we believe that any losses in excess of the amounts we accrue for such potential liability are remote, as litigation is uncertain and any outcome thereof is uncertain, there is the potential for a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results as a result of one or more proceedings being resolved in a particular period in an amount in excess of that accrued by us. \n A portion of the voting power of our common stock is concentrated in limited number of stockholders, and their interests may be different from yours. \n A certain portion of the voting power of our capital stock is concentrated in the hands of a few stockholders, some of which also have representatives who are members of our board of directors. As a result, if such persons act together, they may have the ability to significantly influence whether required consents can be obtained and may have substantial control over matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors, changes in our capital structure, governance, stockholder approvals and the approval of any merger, consolidation or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. These stockholders may have different interests than the other holders of our common stock and may make decisions that are adverse to your interests. \n Our stockholder rights plan could prevent a change in control of our Company in instances in which some stockholders may believe a change in control is in their best interests. \n We have a stockholder rights plan, or Rights Plan. Pursuant to the Rights Plan, we have issued to our stockholders one preferred stock purchase right for each outstanding share of our common stock as of March 27, 2007. Each right, when exercisable, will entitle its holder to purchase from us a unit consisting of one one-thousandth of a share of series A junior participating preferred stock at $66.67 per share. Our Rights Plan is intended to protect stockholders in the event of an unfair or coercive offer to acquire our Company and to provide our board of directors with adequate time to evaluate unsolicited offers. The Rights Plan may prevent or make takeovers or unsolicited corporate transactions more difficult. The Rights Plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms that our board of directors does not believe are in our best interests and those of our stockholders and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. \n Conflicts of interest may arise because some of our directors are principals of our stockholders, and we have waived our rights to certain corporate opportunities. \n Our board of directors includes representatives of certain of our significant stockholders. Those stockholders and their respective affiliates may invest in entities that directly or indirectly compete with us, companies in which we transact business, or companies in which they are currently invested may already compete with us. As a result of these relationships, when conflicts between the interests of those stockholders or their respective affiliates and the interests of our other stockholders arise, these directors may not be disinterested. Under Delaware law, transactions that we enter into in which a director or officer has a conflict of interest are generally permissible so long as (1) the material facts relating to the director's or officer's relationship or interest as to the transaction are disclosed to our board of directors and a majority of our disinterested directors approves the transaction, (2) the material facts relating to the director's or officer's relationship or interest as to the transaction are disclosed to our stockholders and a majority of our disinterested stockholders approves the transaction, or (3) the transaction is otherwise fair to us. Also, pursuant to the terms of our certificate of incorporation, our non-employee directors are not required to offer us any corporate opportunity of which they become aware and could take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to other companies in which they have an investment, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to them in their capacity as a director of our Company. \n Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware corporate law contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. \n Delaware law, as well as our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, contains provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company, even if it were beneficial to our stockholders to do so. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions: \n • authorize the issuance of preferred stock that can be created and issued by the board of directors without prior stockholder approval to increase the number of outstanding shares and deter or prevent a takeover attempt; \n • prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; \n • require stockholder meetings to be called only by the President or at the written request of a majority of the directors then in office and not the stockholders; \n • prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; \n • provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes, each serving three-year terms; and \n • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. \n In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law imposes restrictions on business combinations such as mergers between us and a holder of 15% or more of our voting stock. \n Any of the foregoing events or other events could cause revenues, customer additions, operating income, capital expenditures and other financial or statistical information to vary from our forward-looking estimates by a material amount.