Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and
uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the
trading price of our Class A common stock. You should carefully consider the
risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment decision.
Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are
immaterial may also significantly impair our business
operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and
Industry 
 We have a short operating history
in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future
prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be
successful. 
 We have a
short operating history in an evolving industry that may not develop as
expected, if at all. This short operating history makes it difficult to assess
our future prospects. You should consider our business and prospects in light of
the risks and difficulties we may encounter in this rapidly evolving industry.
These risks and difficulties include our ability to, among other things: 
 increase the number of users of our website and
  mobile app and the number of reviews and other content on our platform; 
 increase the revenue from advertisers on our website and mobile app; 
 continue to earn and preserve a reputation for
  providing meaningful and reliable reviews of local
  businesses; 
 effectively monetize our mobile products as usage
  continues to migrate toward mobile devices; 
 manage, measure and demonstrate the effectiveness
  of our advertising solutions and attract and retain new advertising clients,
  many of which may only have limited or no online advertising
  experience; 
 successfully compete with existing and future
  providers of other forms of offline and online advertising; 
 successfully compete with other companies that are
  currently in, or may in the future enter, the business of providing
  information regarding local businesses; 
 successfully expand our business in new and
  existing markets, both domestic and international; 
 successfully develop and deploy new features and
  products; 
 effectively integrate businesses we may acquire,
  including Qype; 
 avoid interruptions or disruptions in our service
  or slower than expected load times; 
 develop a scalable, high-performance technology
  infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage
  globally, as well as the deployment of new features and
  products; 
 hire, integrate and retain talented sales and
  other personnel; 
 effectively manage rapid growth in our sales
  force, personnel and operations; and 
 effectively partner with other
  companies. 
 If the demand for information regarding local businesses does not develop
as we expect, or if we fail to address the needs of this demand, our business
will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and
difficulties or others, including those described elsewhere in these risk
factors. Failure to address these risks and difficulties adequately could harm
our business and cause our operating results to suffer. 
 We have incurred significant
operating losses in the past, and we may not be able to generate sufficient
revenue to achieve or maintain profitability, particularly given our significant
ongoing sales and marketing expenses. Our recent growth rate will likely not be
sustainable, and a failure to maintain an adequate growth rate will adversely
affect our results of operations and business. 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses, and,
as of December 31, 2012, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $60.4
million. Although our revenues have grown rapidly, increasing from $12.1 million
in 2008 to $137.6 million in 2012, we expect that our revenue growth rate will
decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including the
maturation of our business and the gradual decline in the number of major
geographic markets, especially within the United States, to which we have not
already expanded, and you should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior
quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. We also
expect our costs to increase in future periods as we continue to expend
substantial financial resources on: 
 sales and marketing; 
 product and feature development; 
 our technology infrastructure; 
 domestic and international expansion
  efforts; 
 strategic opportunities, including commercial
  relationships and acquisitions; and 
 general administration,
  including legal and accounting expenses related to being a public
  company. 
 These
investments may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. If we
are unable to maintain adequate revenue growth and to manage our expenses, we
may continue to incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to
achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We rely on traffic to our website
from search engines like Google, Bing and Yahoo!, some of which offer products
and services that compete directly with our solutions. If our website fails to
rank prominently in unpaid search results, traffic to our website could decline
and our business would be adversely affected. 
 Our
success depends in part on our ability to attract users through  unpaid Internet search results on search engines
like Google, Bing and Yahoo!.  The number of users we attract from search engines to our website (including our  mobile
website) is due in large part to how and where our website ranks in  unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by
a number of factors,  many of which are not in our direct control, and they may change frequently. For  example, a search
engine may change its ranking algorithms, methodologies or  design layouts. As a result, links to our website may not be
prominent enough to  drive traffic to our website, and we may not know how or otherwise be in a  position to influence the
results. In some instances, search engine companies  may change these rankings in order to promote their own competing
products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. Although  traffic to our mobile app is
less reliant on search results than traffic to our  website, growth in mobile device usage may not decrease our overall
reliance on  search results if mobile users use our mobile website at the expense of our  mobile app. In fact, growth in
mobile device usage may exacerbate the risks associated with how and where we rank in search results because mobile device
screens are smaller than desktop computer screens and therefore display fewer search results. Our website has experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in
the past, and we anticipate fluctuations in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our website could
adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Google in particular is the most significant source of traffic to our
website, accounting for more than half of the visits to our website from Internet
searches during the three months and year ended December 31, 2012. Our success
depends on our ability to maintain a prominent presence in search results for
queries regarding local businesses on Google. Google has removed links to our
website from portions of its web search product and has promoted its own
competing products, including Google’s local products, in its search results.
Given the large volume of traffic to our website and the importance of the
placement and display of results of a user’s search, similar actions in the
future could have a substantial negative effect on our business and results of
operations. 
 If we fail to generate and
maintain sufficient high quality content from our users, we will be unable to
provide consumers with the information they are looking for, which could
negatively impact our traffic and revenue. 
 Our success depends on our ability to provide consumers with the
information they seek, which in turn depends on the quantity and quality of the
content provided by our users. For example, we may be unable to provide
consumers with the information they seek if our users do not contribute content
that is helpful and reliable, or if they remove content they previously
submitted. For example, our ability to provide high quality content may be
harmed as consumers increasingly contribute content through our mobile website
and mobile app because desktop contributions tend to be longer than content
contributed through mobile devices. Similarly, we may be unable to provide
consumers with the information they seek if our users are unwilling to
contribute content because of concerns that they may be harassed or sued by the
businesses they review, instances of which have occurred in the past and may
occur again in the future. In addition, we may not be able to provide users the
information they seek if the information on our platform is not up-to-date. We
do not phase out or remove dated reviews, and consumers may view older reviews
as less relevant, helpful or reliable. If our platform does not provide current
information about local businesses or users perceive reviews on our platform as
less relevant, our brand and our business could be harmed. 
 If we are
unable to provide consumers with the information they seek, or if they can find
equivalent content on other services, they may stop or reduce their use of our
platform, and traffic to our website and on our mobile app will decline. If our
user traffic declines, our advertisers may stop or reduce the amount of
advertising on our platform and our business could be harmed. 
 Our business may be harmed if
users view our platform as primarily limited to reviews of restaurants and
shopping experiences. 
 Our user traffic could be adversely affected if consumers perceive the
utility of our platform to be limited to finding businesses in the restaurant
and shopping categories, which together accounted for approximately 44% of the
businesses that have been reviewed on our platform and 61% of our cumulative
reviews through December 31, 2012. We believe that this concentration of reviews
is primarily due to the frequency with which individuals visit specific
businesses or engage in certain activities versus others. For example, an
individual may eat at a restaurant three times in one week or go shopping once a
week, but the same individual is unlikely to visit a mechanic, get a haircut or
use a home or local service with the same frequency. However, if the high
concentration of reviews in the restaurant and shopping categories generates a
perception that our platform is primarily limited to these categories, traffic
may decline and advertising customers may be less likely to perceive value from
using our services, which could harm our business. 
 If our technology filters helpful
content or fails to filter unhelpful content, consumers and businesses alike may
stop or reduce their use of our platform and products, and our business could
suffer. 
 While we have designed our technology to filter content that we believe
may be offensive, biased, unreliable or otherwise unhelpful, we cannot guarantee
that our efforts will be effective or adequate. In addition, some consumers and
businesses have expressed concern that our technology inappropriately filters
legitimate reviews, which may cause them to stop or reduce their use of our
platform or our advertising solutions. If the performance of our filter proves
inadequate or ineffective, our reputation and brand may be harmed, users may
stop using our products and our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on a strong
brand, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brand would hurt our
ability to retain or expand our base of users and advertisers, or our ability to
increase the frequency with which they use our solutions. 
 We have developed a strong brand that we believe has contributed
significantly to the success of our business. Maintaining, protecting and
enhancing the “Yelp” brand is critical to expanding our base of users and
advertisers and increasing the frequency with which they use our solutions, and
will depend largely on our ability to maintain consumer trust in our solutions
and in the quality and integrity of the user content and other information found
on our website and mobile app, which we may not do successfully. If we do not
successfully maintain a strong brand, our business could be harmed. 
 For example, consumers may believe that the reviews, photos and other
content contributed by our Community Managers or other employees are influenced
by our advertising relationships or are otherwise biased. Although we take steps
to prevent this from occurring by, for example, displaying an “ambassador” badge
on the account profile pages for each of our Community Managers identifying them
as Yelp employees and explaining their role on our platform, the designation
does not appear on the page for each review contributed by the Community Manager
and we may not be successful in our efforts to maintain consumer trust. As a
result, our brand and our business could be harmed. 
 Our trademarks are an important element of our brand. We have faced in
the past, and may face in the future, oppositions from third parties to our
applications to register key trademarks in foreign jurisdictions in which we
expect to expand our presence. If we are unsuccessful in defending against these
oppositions, our trademark applications may be denied. Whether or not our
trademark registration applications are denied, third parties may claim that our
trademarks infringe their rights. As a result, we could be forced to pay
significant settlement costs or cease the use of these trademarks and associated
elements of our brand in those or other jurisdictions. Doing so could harm our
brand or brand recognition and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operation. 
 Negative publicity could
adversely affect our reputation and brand. 
 Negative
publicity about our company, including our technology, sales practices,
personnel or customer service, could diminish confidence in and the use of our
products. The media has previously reported allegations that we manipulate our
reviews, rankings and ratings in favor of our advertisers and against
non-advertisers. These allegations, though untrue, could adversely affect our
reputation and brand, require significant management time and attention, and
subject us to inquiries or investigations. In order to demonstrate that our
filtering process applies in a nondiscriminatory manner to both advertisers and
non-advertisers, we have made all filtered reviews accessible on our platform.
We have also allowed businesses to publicly comment on negative reviews so that
they can provide their response. Nevertheless, our reputation and brand, the
traffic to our website and mobile app and our business may suffer if negative
publicity about our company persists or if users otherwise perceive that content
on our website and mobile app is manipulated or biased. In addition, our website
and mobile app serve as a platform for expression by our users, and third
parties or the public at large may attribute the political or other sentiments
expressed by users on our platform to us, which could harm our
reputation. 
 If we fail to maintain and expand
our base of advertisers, our revenue and our business will be
harmed. 
 For the three months and year ended December 31, 2012, substantially all
of our revenue was generated by the sale of advertising products. Our ability to
grow our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand our advertiser
base. To do so, we must convince prospective advertisers of the benefits of our
products, including those who may not be familiar with our products (such as
those in new markets). In addition, we have incurred significant costs to
attract current and future advertisers and expect to incur significant
additional costs for the foreseeable future. We may face greater challenges as
we continue to expand our advertiser base in businesses outside the restaurant
and shopping categories, which together accounted for approximately 44% of the
businesses that have been reviewed on our platform and 61% of our cumulative
reviews through December 31, 2012, especially if these businesses believe that
consumers perceive the utility of our platform to be limited to finding
businesses in the restaurant and shopping categories. We must also convince
existing and prospective advertisers alike that our advertising products work to
their benefit. Many of these businesses are more accustomed to using more
traditional methods of advertising, such as newspapers or print yellow pages
directories. Failure to maintain and expand the advertiser base could harm our
business. 
 Our advertisers do not typically have long-term obligations to purchase
our products. In addition, we rely heavily on advertising spend by small and
medium-sized local businesses, which have historically experienced high failure
rates and often have limited advertising budgets. As a result, we may experience
attrition in our advertisers in the ordinary course of business resulting from
several factors, including losses to competitors, lower priced competitors,
perceptions that our advertising solutions are unnecessary or ineffective,
declining advertising budgets, closures and bankruptcies. We must continually
add new advertisers both to replace advertisers who choose not to renew their
advertising or who go out of business, or otherwise fail to fulfill their
advertising contracts with us, to grow our business. Our advertisers’ decisions
to renew depend on a number of factors, including the degree of satisfaction
with our products and their ability to continue their operations and spending
levels. The ratings and reviews that businesses receive from our users may also
affect advertising decisions by current and prospective advertisers. For
instance, favorable ratings and reviews, on the one hand, could be perceived as
obviating the need to advertise, and unfavorable ratings and reviews, on the
other, could discourage businesses from advertising to an audience they perceive
as hostile or cause them to form a negative opinion of our products and user
base, which could discourage them from doing business with us. If our
advertisers increase their rates of non-renewal or if we experience significant
advertiser attrition or contract breach, or if we are unable to attract new
advertisers in numbers greater than the number of advertisers that we lose, our
client base will decrease and our business, financial condition and results of
operations would be harmed. 
 If we fail to expand effectively
into new markets, both domestically and abroad, our revenue and our business
will be harmed. 
 We intend to expand our operations into new markets, both domestically
and abroad. We may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter new markets
successfully. Our expansion into new markets places us in competitive
environments with which we are unfamiliar and involves various risks, including
the need to invest significant resources and the possibility that returns on
such investments will not be achieved for several years, or at all. In
attempting to establish a presence in
new markets, we expect, as we have in the past, to incur significant expenses
and face various other challenges, such as expanding our sales force and
community management personnel to reach those new markets. Our current and any
future expansion plans will require significant resources and management
attention. Furthermore, we have already entered many of the largest markets in
the United States and further expansion in smaller markets may not yield similar
results or sustain our growth. 
 Our international operations
involve additional risks, and our exposure to these risks will increase as we
expand internationally. 
 We have
started to expand our operations internationally. We expect to expand our
international operations significantly by accessing new markets abroad and
expanding our offerings in new languages. Our platform is now available in
English and several other languages. However, we may have difficulty modifying
our technology and content for use in non-English-speaking markets or fostering
new communities in non-English-speaking markets. We recently acquired Qype to
accelerate the expansion of our international footprint, primarily in Europe and
Brazil, but can make no assurance that we will be successful in integrating Qype
with our businesses or in taking advantage of Qype’s presence in these
international markets. Our ability to manage our business and conduct our
operations internationally requires considerable management attention and
resources, and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly
growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs,
legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems and commercial
infrastructures. Furthermore, in most international markets, we would not be the
first entrant, and our competitors may be better positioned than we are to
succeed. Expanding internationally may subject us to risks that we have either
not faced before or increase our exposure to risks that we currently face,
including risks associated with: 
 recruiting and retaining qualified, multi-lingual
  employees, including sales personnel; 
 integrating businesses we may acquire
  internationally, including Qype; 
 increased competition from local websites and
  guides and potential preferences by local populations for local
  providers; 
 compliance with applicable foreign laws and
  regulations, including different privacy, censorship and liability standards
  and regulations and different intellectual property laws; 
 providing solutions in different languages for
  different cultures, which may require that we modify our solutions and
  features to ensure that they are culturally relevant in different
  countries; 
 our ability to achieve prominent rankings for our
  content in unpaid search results, which may be more difficult in newer markets
  where we may have less content and more competitors than in established
  markets; 
 the enforceability of our intellectual property
  rights; 
 credit risk and higher levels of payment
  fraud; 
 compliance with anti-bribery laws, including but
  not limited to compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K.
  Bribery Act; 
 currency exchange rate
  fluctuations; 
 foreign exchange controls that might prevent us
  from repatriating cash earned outside the United States; 
 political and economic instability in some
  countries; 
 double taxation of our international earnings and
  potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws of the
  United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;
  and 
 higher costs of doing business
  internationally. 
 Many people use smartphones and
other mobile devices to access information about local businesses. We have
limited experience with mobile advertising and have prioritized the quality of
user experience with our mobile products over short-term monetization. As a
result, growth in use of our mobile app and mobile website, particularly if it substitutes
for use of our website on personal computers, may adversely affect our results
of operations and business. 
 The number of
people who access information about local businesses through mobile devices,
including smartphones and handheld tablets or computers, has increased
dramatically in the past few years and is expected to continue to increase.
Although we currently deliver advertising on our mobile app and mobile website,
we have limited experience with mobile advertising and have prioritized the
quality of user experience with our mobile products over short-term
monetization. With our ability to effectively monetize our mobile products
unproven, we may not be able to generate meaningful revenue from our mobile
products despite the expected growth in mobile usage. In addition, if consumers
use our mobile app and mobile website as substitutes for, rather than in
addition to, use of our website on personal computers and our mobile solutions
prove ineffective, our advertisers may stop or reduce their advertising with us.
Similarly, we may be unable to attract new advertisers if our mobile advertising
solutions are not compelling. If our advertising solutions are not effective or
we fail to continue to innovate and introduce enhanced mobile solutions, if our
solutions alienate our user base, or if our solutions are not widely adopted or
are insufficiently profitable, our business may suffer. 
 Additionally, as new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is
difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing products for
these alternative devices and platforms, and we may need to devote significant
resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such products. We are
dependent on the interoperability of our mobile products with popular mobile
operating systems that we do not control, such as Android and iOS, and any
changes in such systems that degrade their functionality could adversely affect
mobile usage. If we experience difficulties in the future in integrating our
mobile app into mobile devices or if problems arise with our relationships with
providers of mobile operating systems or mobile application download stores,
such as those of Google, with whose local products we compete, or Apple, Inc.,
our user growth and user engagement could be harmed. In addition, if our
applications receive unfavorable treatment compared to the promotion and
placement of competing applications, such as the order of our products in the
Apple AppStore, or if we face increased costs to distribute our mobile app, our
future growth and our results of operations could suffer. Further, in the event
that it becomes more difficult for our users to access and use our mobile app,
or if users choose to use mobile products that do not offer access to our mobile
app, we may be unable to decrease our reliance on traffic from Google and other
search engines. 
 We expect to face increased
competition in the market. 
 The market for information regarding local businesses and advertising is
intensely competitive and rapidly changing. With the emergence of new
technologies and market entrants, competition is likely to intensify in the
future. Our competitors include, among others, offline media companies and
service providers; newspaper, television and other media companies; Internet
search engines, such as Google, Bing and Yahoo!; and various other online
service providers and review websites. Our competitors may enjoy competitive advantages, such as
greater name recognition, longer operating histories, substantially greater
market share, large existing user bases and substantially greater financial,
technical and other resources. These companies may use these advantages to offer
products similar to ours at a lower price, develop different products to compete
with our current solutions and respond more quickly and effectively than we do
to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or client
requirements. In particular, major Internet companies, such as Google, Facebook,
Yahoo! and Microsoft may be more successful than us in developing and marketing
online advertising offerings directly to local businesses and many of our
advertisers and potential advertisers may choose to purchase online advertising
services from these competitors and may reduce their purchases of our products.
In addition, many of our current and potential competitors have established
marketing relationships with and access to larger client bases. As the market
for local online advertising increases, new competitors, business models and
solutions are likely to emerge. We also compete with these companies for the
attention of contributors and consumers, and may experience decreases in both if
our competitors offer more compelling environments. For all of these reasons, we
may be unable to maintain or grow the number of people who use our website and
mobile app and the number of businesses that use our advertising solutions and
we may face pressure to reduce the price of our advertising solutions, in which
case our business, results of operations and financial condition will be
harmed. 
 The traffic to our website and
mobile application may decline and our business may suffer if other companies
copy information from our platform and publish or aggregate it with other
information for their own benefit. 
 From time to
time, other companies copy information from our platform, through website
scraping, robots or other means, and publish or aggregate it with other
information for their own benefit. For example, in parts of 2010 and 2011,
Google incorporated content from our website into its own local product without
our permission. Google’s users, as a result, may not have visited our website
because they found the information they sought on Google. While we do not
believe that Google is still incorporating our content within its local
products, we have no assurance that Google or other companies will not copy,
publish or aggregate content from our platform in the future. 
 When third parties copy, publish or aggregate content from our platform,
it makes them more competitive and decreases the likelihood that consumers will
visit our website or use our mobile app to find the information they seek, which
could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. We may not be able to detect such third-party conduct in a timely
manner and, even if we could, we may not be able to prevent it. In some cases,
particularly in the case of websites operating outside of the United States, our
available remedies may be inadequate to protect us against such practices. In
addition, we may be required to expend significant financial or other resources
to successfully enforce our rights. 
 The impact of worldwide economic
conditions, including the resulting effect on advertising spending by local
businesses, may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial
condition. 
 Our performance is subject to worldwide economic conditions and their
impact on levels of advertising spend by small and medium-sized businesses,
which may be disproportionately affected by economic downturns. In the event of
an economic slowdown or deterioration of worldwide economic conditions, our
existing and potential advertising clients may no longer consider investment in
our advertising solutions a necessity, or may elect to reduce advertising
budgets. Historically, economic downturns have resulted in overall reductions in
advertising spending. In particular, web-based advertising solutions may be
viewed by some of our existing and potential advertising clients as a lower
priority and could cause advertisers to reduce the amounts they spend on
advertising, terminate their use of our solutions or default on their payment
obligations to us. In addition, economic conditions may adversely impact levels
of consumer spending, which could adversely impact the numbers of consumers
visiting our website and mobile app. Consumer purchases of discretionary items
generally decline during recessionary periods and other periods in which
disposable income is adversely affected. If spending at many of the local
businesses reviewed on our platform declines, businesses may be
less likely to use our advertising products, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face potential liability and
expense for legal claims based on the content on our
platform. 
 We face potential liability and expense for legal claims relating to the
information that we publish on our website and mobile app, including claims for
defamation, libel, negligence and copyright or trademark infringement, among
others. For example, businesses in the past have claimed, and may in the future
claim, that we are responsible for defamatory reviews posted by our users. We
expect claims like these to continue, and potentially increase in proportion to
the amount of content on our platform. These claims could divert management time
and attention away from our business and result in significant costs to
investigate and defend, regardless of the merits of the claims. In some
instances, we may elect or be compelled to remove content or may be forced to
pay substantial damages if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to defend against
these claims. If we elect or are compelled to remove valuable content from our
website or mobile app, our platform may become less useful to consumers and our
traffic may decline, which could have a negative impact on our business and
financial performance. 
 We process, store and use
personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental
regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy. Our actual or
perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our
business. 
 We receive, store and process personal information and other user data,
including credit card information for certain users. There are numerous federal,
state and local laws around the world regarding privacy and the storing,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and
other user data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing
interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with
other rules. For example, the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, currently
expects companies like Yelp to comply with guidelines issued under the Federal
Trade Commission Act that govern the collection, use and storage of consumer 
 information, establishing principles relating to
notice, consent, access and data integrity and security. Our practices are
designed to comply with these guidelines as described in our published privacy
policy. For example, we disclose that we collect a range of information about
our users, such as their names, email addresses, search histories and activity
on our platform. We also use and store such information primarily to personalize
the experience on our platform, provide customer support and display relevant
advertising. While we do not sell or share personally identifiable information
with third parties for direct marketing purposes, we do have relationships with
third parties that may allow them access to user information for other purposes.
For example, when we outsource functions such as technical and customer support,
tracking and reporting, quality assurance and payment processing to other
companies, we make user information available to those companies to the extent
necessary for them to provide the outsourced services. We believe our policies
and practices comply with the FTC privacy guidelines and other applicable laws
and regulations. However, if our belief proves incorrect, or if these
guidelines, laws or regulations or their interpretation change or new
legislation or regulations are enacted, we may be compelled to provide
additional disclosures to our users, obtain additional consents from our users
before collecting or using their information or implement new safeguards to help
our users manage our use of their information, among other changes. 
 We also
generally comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our
privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties (including, in
certain instances, voluntary third-party certification bodies such as TRUSTe).
It is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner
that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with
other rules or our practices. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy
policies, our privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or
our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that
results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable
information or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions,
litigation or negative publicity and could cause our users and advertisers to
lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
Additionally, if third parties with whom we work, such as advertisers, vendors
or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also
put our users’ information at risk and could have an adverse effect on our
business. 
 Our business could suffer if the
jurisdictions in which we operate change the way in which they regulate the
Internet, including regulations relating to user-generated content and
privacy. 
 Our business, including our ability to operate and expand
internationally, could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are
adopted, interpreted or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with our
current business practices and that requires changes to these practices or the
design of our platform, products or features. For example, if legislation is
passed that limits the immunities afforded to websites that publish
user-generated content, we may be compelled to remove content from our platform
that we would otherwise publish, restrict the types of businesses that our users
can review or further verify the identity of our users, among other changes.
Similarly, legislation could be passed that limits our ability to use or store
information about our users. 
 Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, display, processing,
transmission and security of personal information by companies offering online
services have recently come under increased public scrutiny. As a result, the
regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is
likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. The U.S. government, including
the White House, the FTC and the Department of Commerce,
are reviewing the need for greater regulation of the collection of information
concerning consumer behavior with respect to online services, including
regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. The
White House recently published a report calling for a consumer privacy Bill of
Rights that could impact the collection of data. Legislative changes have been
proposed abroad as well, including recent proposals by the European Commission
to reform its existing data protection legal framework. Various government and
consumer agencies have also called for new regulation and changes in industry
practices. Recently, the State of California and several other states have
adopted privacy guidelines with respect to mobile applications. Changes like
these could increase our administrative costs and make it more difficult for
consumers to use our platform, resulting in less traffic and revenue. Similarly,
changes like these could make it more difficult for us to provide effective
advertising tools to businesses on our platform, resulting in fewer advertisers
and less revenue. In any of the cases above, our business could
suffer. 
 Our acquisition of Qype creates
numerous risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our operating
results or prevent us from realizing the expected benefits of the
acquisition. 
 In October
2012, we acquired Qype to accelerate our international expansion. This
acquisition requires the integration of Qype, its operations, services and
personnel with our organization. These transition activities are complex, and we
may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs. 
 In order to realize the expected benefits and synergies of our
acquisition of Qype, we must meet a number of significant challenges, including: 
 integrating the management teams, strategies and operations of the
  combined business; 
 retaining and assimilating the key
  personnel of each company; 
 retaining existing customers and
  obtaining new customers; 
 difficulties in the assimilation of
  employees and corporate cultures; 
 migrating Qype users and content to
  our platform; 
 implementing and retaining uniform
  standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
  and 
 managing the combined business
  effectively. 
 It is possible
that the integration process could result in the loss of technical skills and
management expertise of key employees, the disruption of each company’s ongoing
business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies due
to possible cultural conflicts or differences of opinions on technical decisions
and services. In addition, following the acquisition of Qype, we began implementation of a
restructuring plan affecting approximately 35 Qype employees in order to
eliminate redundancies within the combined business and improve operational
efficiencies. Such restructuring efforts could result in reduced efficiency of
retained employees and may result in employees, whether or not directly affected
by the restructuring, seeking future employment with our business partners or
competitors. Although employees are subject to confidentiality requirements, the
confidential nature of certain proprietary information may not be maintained in
the course of any such future employment. Further, we believe that our ability
to realize the full benefits of the acquisition will depend upon our ability to
retain highly skilled personnel. We may have difficulty retaining such personnel
as a result of the restructuring. 
 A failure to integrate Qype successfully could adversely affect our
ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the
anticipated benefits of the acquisition. In addition, we may be required to
spend additional time or funds on integration that otherwise would be spent on
the development and expansion of the combined business. Even if we are able to
integrate Qype operations successfully, these integrations may not result in the
realization of the full benefits of synergies, cost savings, innovation and
operational efficiencies that may be possible from the integration, and these
benefits may not be achieved within a reasonable period of time. 
 We may also acquire other
companies or technologies, which could divert our management’s attention, result
in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations
and harm our operating results. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product
offerings and grow our business in response to changing technologies, user and
advertiser demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may
determine to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses or
technologies rather than through internal development. We have limited
experience as a company in the complex process of acquiring other businesses and
technologies. The pursuit of potential future acquisitions may divert the
attention of management and cause us to incur expenses in identifying,
investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are
consummated. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity
securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our results
of operations or our ability to achieve profitability. 
 Acquisitions also involve a number of risks to our business, including
the difficulty of integrating operations, services, sites and technologies, and
personnel of the acquired companies, the potential disruption of our ongoing
business, the potential distraction of management, the possibility that our
business culture and the business culture 
 of the
acquired companies will not be compatible, expenses related to the acquisition
and to the integration of the acquired companies, the impairment of
relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new
personnel, risks related to the businesses of acquired companies that may
continue to impact the businesses following the acquisition and potential
unknown liabilities associated with acquired companies. Any inability to
integrate services, sites and technologies, operations or personnel in an
efficient and timely manner could harm our results of operations. 
 If we fail to manage our growth
effectively, our brand, results of operations and business could be
harmed. 
 We have
experienced rapid growth in our headcount and operations, including through our
recent acquisition of Qype, which places substantial demands on management and
our operational infrastructure. Most of our employees have been with us for
fewer than two years. We intend to make substantial investments in our
technology, sales and marketing and community management organizations. As we
continue to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large
number of new employees, including employees in international markets and from
any acquired businesses, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our company
culture. If we do not manage the growth of our business and operations
effectively, the quality of our platform and efficiency of our operations could
suffer, which could harm our brand, results of operations and
business. 
 We may not timely and effectively
scale and adapt our existing technology and network infrastructure to ensure
that our platform is accessible. 
 It is important to our success that users in all geographies be able to
access our platform at all times. We have previously experienced, and may
experience in the future, service disruptions, outages and other performance
problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or
software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users
accessing our platform simultaneously, and denial of service or fraud or
security attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or
causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It may
become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the availability of our
platform, especially during peak usage times and as our solutions become more
complex and our user traffic increases. If our platform is unavailable when
users attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect, users
may seek other services to obtain the information for which they are looking,
and may not return to our platform as often in the future, or at all. This would
negatively impact our ability to attract users and advertisers and increase the
frequency with which they use our website and mobile app. We expect to continue
to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of our
platform and to enable rapid releases of new features and products. To the
extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our
systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network
architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our
business and operating results may be harmed. 
 Our disaster recovery program contemplates transitioning our platform and
data to a backup center in the event of a catastrophe, but we have not yet
tested the procedure in full, and the transition procedure may take several days
or more to complete. During this time, our platform may be unavailable in whole
or in part to our users. 
 We are, and may in the future be,
subject to disputes and assertions by third parties that we violate their
rights. These disputes may be costly to defend and could harm our business and
operating results. 
 We currently face, and we expect to face from time to time in the future,
allegations that we have violated the rights of third parties, including patent,
trademark, copyright and other intellectual property rights and the rights of
current and former employees and business owners. For example, third parties
have sued us for allegedly violating their patent rights (we are currently a
defendant in numerous such suits, all of which involve plaintiffs targeting
multiple defendants in the same or similar suits), an action was filed against
us on behalf of current and former employees claiming that we violated labor and
other laws (we have received final court approval to settle the suit for
approximately $0.8 million) and various businesses have sued us alleging that we
manipulate Yelp reviews in order to coerce them and other businesses to pay for
Yelp advertising (one such suit was voluntarily dismissed, and two others were
consolidated and dismissed with prejudice, although the plaintiffs are seeking
an appeal). In addition, Deutsche Telekom AG, or Deutsche Telekom, has filed two
suits against Qype in Germany regarding fees payable for directory data that Qype and its predecessor purchased from Deutsche Telekom; both claims have been
rejected in full by the German court, although Deutsche Telekom has appealed the
decisions to the Higher Regional Court of Cologne, which referred the appeals to the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf. The appeals are expected to be heard in the first half of 2013. 
 Other claims
against us can be expected to be made in the future. Even if the claims are
without merit, the costs associated with defending these types of claims may be
substantial, both in terms of time, money and management distraction. In
particular, patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted
and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict and may require us to
stop offering certain features, purchase licenses or modify our products and
features while we develop non-infringing substitutes or may result in
significant settlement costs. We do not own any patents, and, therefore, may be
unable to deter competitors or others from pursuing patent or other intellectual
property infringement claims against us. 
 The results of litigation and claims to which we may be subject cannot be
predicted with certainty. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or
are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these
matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could
harm our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 Some of our solutions contain
open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary
software and solutions. 
 We use open source software in our solutions and will use open source
software in the future. From time to time, we may face claims from third parties
claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open source software and/or
derivative works that we developed using such software (which could include our
proprietary source code), or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the
applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and
could require us to purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated
solutions unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This
re-engineering process could require significant additional research and
development resources. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use
of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of
third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not
provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks
could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have a
negative effect on our business and operating results. 
 We make the consumer experience
our highest priority. Our dedication to making decisions based primarily on the
best interests of consumers may cause us to forgo short-term gains and
advertising revenue. 
 We base many of our decisions upon the best interests of the consumers
who use our platform. We believe that this approach has been essential to our
success in increasing our user growth rate and the frequency with which
consumers use our platform and has served the long-term interests of our company
and our stockholders. In the past, we have forgone, and we may in the future
forgo, certain expansion or revenue opportunities that we do not believe are in
the best interests of consumers, even if such decisions negatively impact our
results of operations in the short term, and we believe that continued adherence
to this principle will, in the long term, benefit our stockholders. In
particular, our approach of putting our consumers first may negatively impact
our relationships with our existing or prospective advertisers. For example,
unless we believe that a review violates our terms of service, such as reviews
that contain hate speech or bigotry, we allow the review to remain on the
platform, even if the business disputes its accuracy. Certain advertisers may
therefore perceive us as an impediment to their success as a result of negative
reviews and ratings. This practice could result in a loss of advertisers, which
in turn could harm our results of operations. 
 We rely on third-party service
providers for many aspects of our business, and any failure to maintain these
relationships could harm our business. 
 We rely on data about local businesses from third parties, including
various yellow pages and other third parties that license such information to
us. We also rely on third parties for other aspects of our business, such as
mapping functionality and administrative software solutions. If these third
parties experience difficulty meeting our requirements or standards, or our
licenses are revoked or not renewed, it could make it difficult for us to
operate some aspects of our business, which could damage our reputation. In
addition, if such third-party service providers were to cease operations,
temporarily or permanently, face financial distress or other business
disruption, increase their fees or if our relationships with these providers
deteriorate, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to
provide consumers and advertisers with content or provide similar services until
an equivalent provider could be found or we could develop replacement technology
or operations. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in 
 choosing or finding high-quality partners, if we fail to negotiate
cost-effective relationships with them, or if we ineffectively manage these
relationships, it could have an adverse impact on our business and financial
performance. 
 We expect a number of factors to
cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which
may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 
 Our operating
results could vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year
because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a
result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be
meaningful. In addition to other risk factors discussed in this section, factors
that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results
include: 
 our
  ability to attract new local business advertisers and retain existing
  advertisers; 
 our ability to accurately forecast
  revenue and appropriately plan our expenses; 
 the effects of changes in search
  engine placement and prominence; 
 the effects of increased competition
  in our business; 
 our ability to successfully expand in
  existing markets, enter new markets and manage our international
  expansion; 
 the impact of worldwide economic
  conditions, including the resulting effect on consumer spending at local
  businesses and the level of advertising spending by local
  businesses; 
 our ability to protect and grow our
  intellectual property; 
 our ability to maintain an adequate
  rate of growth and effectively manage that growth; 
 our ability to maintain and increase
  traffic to our website and mobile app; 
 our ability to
  keep pace with changes in technology; 
 the success of our sales and
  marketing efforts; 
 costs associated with defending
  intellectual property infringement and other claims and related judgments or
  settlements; 
 our ability to manage
  successfully any acquisitions of businesses, solutions or technologies, including
  Qype; 
 changes in government regulation
  affecting our business; 
 interruptions in service and any
  related impact on our reputation; 
 the attraction and retention of
  qualified employees and key personnel; 
 our ability to choose and effectively
  manage third-party service providers; 
 the impact of fluctuations in
  currency exchange rates; 
 changes in consumer behavior with
  respect to local businesses; 
 fluctuations in spending by our advertisers due to seasonality, such as historically stronger spending in the
fourth quarter of each year, or other factors; 
 the effects of natural or man-made
  catastrophic events; 
 the effectiveness of our internal
  controls; and 
 changes in our tax rates or exposure
  to additional tax liabilities. 
 Because we recognize most of the
revenue from our advertising products over the term of an agreement, a
significant downturn in our business may not be immediately reflected in our
results of operations. 
 We recognize
revenue from sales of our advertising products over the terms of the applicable
agreements, which are generally three, six or 12 months. As a result, a
significant portion of the revenue we report in each 
 quarter is generated from agreements entered into during previous
quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed agreements in any one
quarter may not significantly impact our revenue in that quarter but will
negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. In addition, we may be unable
to adjust our fixed costs in response to reduced revenue. Accordingly, the
effect of significant declines in advertising sales may not be reflected in our
short-term results of operations. 
 We rely on the performance of
highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate
well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. 
 We believe our
success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our
employees, including our senior management team, software engineers, marketing
professionals and advertising sales staff. Our future success depends on our
continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and
skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur
significant costs to attract them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior
management or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to
execute our business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements.
All of our officers and other U.S. employees are at-will employees, which mean
they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their
knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace.
We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of
our senior management or other key employees. If we do not succeed in attracting
well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our
business could be harmed. 
 Failure to protect or enforce our
intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of
operations. 
 We regard the protection of our trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and
domain names as critical to our success. In particular, we must maintain,
protect and enhance the “Yelp” brand. We pursue the registration of our domain
names, trademarks and service marks in the United States and in certain
jurisdictions abroad. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual
restrictions. We typically enter into confidentiality and invention assignment
agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements
with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and
disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However, these contractual
arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual
property may not prevent the misappropriation or disclosure of our proprietary
information nor deter independent development of similar technologies by
others. 
 Effective trade secret, copyright, trademark and domain name protection
is expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing
registration requirements and expenses and the costs of defending our rights. We
are seeking to protect our trademarks and domain names in an increasing number
of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which
we may not pursue in every location. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our
intellectual property rights, protect our respective trade secrets or determine
the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation
of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial
costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could
adversely affect our business and operating results. We may incur significant
costs in enforcing our trademarks against those who attempt to imitate our
“Yelp” brand. If we fail to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual
property rights, our business and operating results may be harmed. 
 We may be unable to continue to
use the domain names that we use in our business, or prevent third parties from
acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise
decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service
marks. 
 We have registered domain names for our website that we use in our
business, such as Yelp.com. If we lose the ability to use a domain name, whether
due to trademark claims, failure to renew the applicable registration, or any
other cause, we may be forced to market our products under a new domain name,
which could cause us substantial harm, or to incur significant expense in order
to purchase rights to the domain name in question. In addition, our competitors
and others could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain
names similar to ours. Domain names similar to ours have been registered in the
United States and elsewhere. We may be unable to prevent third parties from
acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise
decrease 
 the value of our brand or our trademarks
or service marks. Protecting and enforcing our rights in our domain names may
require litigation, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of
management’s attention. 
 If our security measures are
compromised, or if our platform is subject to attacks that degrade or deny the
ability of users to access our content, users may curtail or stop use of our
platform. 
 Our platform
involves the storage and transmission of user and business information, some of
which may be private, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of
this information, which could result in potential liability and litigation. Like
all online services, our platform is vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins,
phishing attacks, attempts to overload our servers with denial-of-service or
other attacks and similar disruptions from unauthorized use of our computer
systems, any of which could lead to interruptions, delays or website shutdowns,
causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure or use of
personally identifiable or other confidential information. Because the
techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or
sabotage systems change frequently, often are not recognized until launched
against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around
the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to
implement adequate preventative measures. If we experience compromises to our
security that result in performance or availability problems, the complete
shutdown of our website or the loss or unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information, our users or advertisers may lose trust and confidence in us and
decrease their use of our platform or stop using our platform entirely, and we
would suffer reputational and financial harm. For example, we work with third
party vendors to process credit card payments by certain of our users and local
businesses and are subject to payment card association operating rules. If our
security measures fail to protect this information adequately as a result of
employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, or we fail to comply with the
applicable operating rules, we could be liable to our users and local businesses
for their losses, as well as the vendors under our agreements with them, we
could be subject to fines and higher transaction fees, we could face regulatory
action and our users, local businesses and vendors could end their
relationships with us, any of which could harm our business and financial
results. 
 In addition, user and business owner accounts and profile pages could be
hacked, hijacked, altered or otherwise claimed or controlled by unauthorized
persons. For example, we enable businesses to create free online business
accounts and claim the business profile pages for each of their business
locations. We verify these claims through an automated telephone verification
process, which is designed to confirm that the person setting up the account is
affiliated with the business by confirming that the person has access to the
business’s telephone. Our verification system could fail to confirm that the
recipient of the call is an authorized representative of the business, or
mistakenly allow an unauthorized representative to claim the business’s profile
page. Any or all of these issues could negatively impact our ability to attract
new users or could deter current users from returning or reduce the frequency
with which consumers and advertisers use our solutions, cause existing or
potential advertisers to cancel their contracts or subject us to third-party
lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, thereby harming our
results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to a
variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still
developing and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our
business. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad,
including laws regarding data retention, privacy, distribution of user-generated
content and consumer protection, that are frequently evolving and developing.
The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are
often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly outside the United States.
For example, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for
activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by
a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other
torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement and other
theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads
posted, or the content provided by users. In addition, regulatory authorities
around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals concerning data protection and other matters that may be applicable to
our business. It is also likely that if our business grows and evolves and our
solutions are used in a greater number of countries, we will become subject to
laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how
existing laws will be applied to our business and the new laws to which we may
become subject. 
 If we are not
able to comply with these laws or regulations or if we become liable under these
laws or regulations, we could be directly harmed, and we may be forced to
implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may
require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products or
features, which would negatively affect our business. In addition, the increased
attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative
proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our
business. Any costs incurred to prevent or mitigate this potential liability
could also harm our business and operating results. 
 Domestic and foreign laws may be
interpreted and enforced in ways that impose new obligations on us with respect
to Yelp Deals, which may harm our business and results of
operations. 
 Our Yelp Deals
products may be deemed gift certificates, store gift cards, general-use prepaid
cards or other vouchers, or “gift cards,” subject to, among other laws, the
federal Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, or
the Credit CARD Act, and similar federal, state and foreign laws. Many
of these laws include specific disclosure requirements and prohibitions or
limitations on the use of expiration dates and the imposition of certain fees.
For example, the Credit CARD Act requires that gift cards expire no
earlier than five years after their issue. Yelp Deals are comprised of two
components: (i) the purchase value, which is the amount paid by the purchaser
and which does not expire, and (ii) the promotional value, which is the
remaining value for which the Yelp Deal can be redeemed during a limited period,
which typically ends one year after the date of purchase. If, contrary to our
belief, the Credit CARD Act and similar state laws were held to apply to
the promotional value component of Yelp Deals, consumers would be entitled to
redeem the promotional value component of their Yelp Deals for up to five years
after their issue, and we could face liability for redemption periods that are
less than five years. Various companies that provide deal products similar to
ours are currently defendants in purported class action lawsuits that have been
filed in federal and state court claiming that their deal products are subject
to the Credit CARD Act and various state laws governing gift cards and
that the defendants have violated these laws as a result of expiration dates and
other restrictions they have placed on their deals. Similar lawsuits have been
filed in other locations in which we plan to sell our Yelp Deals, such as the
Canadian province of Ontario, alleging similar violations of provincial
legislation governing gift cards. 
 The application of various other laws and regulations to our products,
and particularly our Yelp Deals and Gift Certificates, is uncertain. These include laws and
regulations pertaining to unclaimed and abandoned property, partial redemption,
refunds, revenue-sharing restrictions on certain trade groups and professions,
sales and other local taxes and the sale of alcoholic beverages. For example,
although it is the responsibility of merchants to redeem or refund unexpired
Yelp Deals and Gift Certificates that they offer through our platform, the law might be interpreted to
require that we redeem or refund them. Because merchants alone, and not Yelp,
are in a position to track the redemption of Yelp Deals and Gift Certificates, we may not be able to
comply with such a requirement without substantial and potentially costly
changes to our infrastructure and business practices. In addition, we may
become, or be determined to be, subject to federal, state or foreign laws
regulating money transmitters or aimed at preventing money laundering or
terrorist financing, including the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and
other similar future laws or regulations. 
 If we become subject to claims or are required to alter our business
practices as a result of current or future laws and regulations, our revenue
could decrease, our costs could increase and our business could otherwise be
harmed. In addition, the costs and expenses associated with defending any
actions related to such additional laws and regulations and any payments of
related penalties, fines, judgments or settlements could harm our
business. 
 We may require additional capital
to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on
acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth
and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including
the need to develop new features and products or enhance our existing services,
improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and
technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to
secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances
of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer
significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights,
preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common
stock. Any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive
covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and
operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us 
 to obtain additional capital and to pursue business
opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain
additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to
obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we
require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to
respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business
may be harmed. 
 Our business is subject to the
risks of earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural catastrophic events and to
interruption by man-made problems such as computer viruses or
terrorism. 
 Our systems
and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires,
floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of
war, human errors, break-ins and similar events. For example, a significant
natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, could have a material
adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition, and
our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may
occur. Our U.S. corporate offices and one of the facilities we lease to house
our computer and telecommunications equipment are located in the San Francisco
Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, acts of terrorism,
which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density
than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our local business
advertisers’ businesses or the economy as a whole. Our servers may also be
vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from
unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could lead to
interruptions, delays, loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure of
confidential client data. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery
plans in certain circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting the San
Francisco Bay Area, and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient
to compensate us for losses that may occur. As we rely heavily on our servers,
computer and communications systems and the Internet to conduct our business and
provide high quality customer service, such disruptions could negatively impact
our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt our
local business advertisers’ businesses, which could have an adverse affect on
our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The intended tax benefits of our
corporate structure and intercompany arrangements depend on the application of
the tax laws of various jurisdictions and on how we operate our
business. 
 Our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements, including the
manner in which we develop and use our intellectual property and the transfer
pricing of our intercompany transactions, are intended to reduce our worldwide
effective tax rate. The application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions,
including the United States, to our international business activities is subject
to interpretation and depends on our ability to operate our business in a manner
consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The
taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our
methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements,
including our transfer pricing, or determine that the manner in which we operate
our business does not achieve the intended tax consequences, which could
increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and
results of operations. 
 Our corporate structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions
with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Our intercompany
arrangements allocate income to such entities in accordance with arm’s-length
principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and
ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain
foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory rate will
have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate. 
 Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and
determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of
business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain. For example, our effective tax rates could be
adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where
we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we
have higher statutory rates, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or by
changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles
and interpretations. As we operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the
application of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting
interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon
for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views, for
instance, with respect to, among other things, the manner in which the arm’s
length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the
valuation of intellectual property. In addition, tax laws are dynamic and
subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are
issued or applied. In particular, there is uncertainty in relation to the
U.S. tax legislation in terms of the future corporate tax rate but also in terms
of the U.S. tax consequences of income derived from income related to
intellectual property earned overseas in low tax jurisdictions. 
 Our
existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented
in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws.
However, the tax benefits which we intend to eventually derive could be
undermined if we are unable to adapt the manner in which we operate our business
and due to changing tax laws. 
 The enactment of legislation
implementing changes in the U.S. taxation of international business activities
or the adoption of other tax reform policies could materially impact our
financial condition and results of operations. 
 The current administration has made
public statements indicating that it has made international tax reform a
priority, and key members of the U.S. Congress have conducted hearings and
proposed new legislation. Recent changes to U.S. tax laws, including limitations
on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax credits and the
deferral of certain tax deductions until earnings outside of the United States
are repatriated to the United States, as well as changes to U.S. tax laws that
may be enacted in the future, could impact the tax treatment of our foreign
earnings. Due to the expanding scale of our international business activities,
any changes in the U.S. taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide
effective tax rate and harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our goodwill or intangible
assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings. 
 Under accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, we review our intangible assets for
impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value
may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at
least annually. Factors that may be considered include a change in circumstances
indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets
may not be recoverable include declines in our stock price and market
capitalization or future cash flows projections. We recorded a significant
amount of goodwill related to our acquisition of Qype in the fourth quarter of
2012. A decline in our stock price, or any other adverse change in market
conditions, particularly if such change has the effect of changing one of our
critical assumptions or estimates, could result in a change to the estimation of
fair value that could result in an impairment charge to our goodwill and intangible assets. Any such material charges may have a material
negative impact on our financial and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our
Class A Common Stock 
 The dual class structure of our
common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with those
stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial public offering, including
our founders, directors, executive officers and employees and their affiliates,
and limiting your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 Our Class B common stock has 10
votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share.
Stockholders who hold shares of Class B common stock, including our founders,
directors, executive officers and employees and their affiliates, together
beneficially own shares representing approximately 94.5% of the voting power of
our outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2012. Consequently, the holders
of Class B common stock collectively will continue to be able to control all
matters submitted to our stockholders for approval even if their stock holdings
represent less than 50% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Because
of the 10-to-1 voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the
holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a
majority of the combined voting power of our common stock even when the shares
of Class B common stock represent a small minority of all outstanding shares of
our Class A and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit your
ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, and, as a
result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely
affected. Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally
result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, which will have the
effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of
Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term, which may include
existing founders, officers and directors and their affiliates. 
 Our share price has been and will
likely continue to be volatile. 
 The
trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and is likely to continue to
be, highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to
various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Since shares of our
common stock were sold in our initial public offering in March 2012 at a price
of $15.00 per share through February 15, 2013, our stock’s daily closing price
has ranged from $15.22 to $28.89. In addition to the factors discussed in
this “ 
 Risk Factors 
 ” section and elsewhere in this Annual Report, factors that may cause
volatility in our share price include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our
  financial condition and operating results; 
 changes in projected operating and financial
  results; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate
  relative to our competitors; 
 announcements of technological innovations or new
  offerings by us or our competitors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of
  significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or
  capital-raising activities or commitments; 
 additions or departures of key
  personnel; 
 issuance of research or reports by securities
  analysts; 
 fluctuations in the valuation of companies
  perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 
 sales of our Class A or Class B common
  stock; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our
  solutions; 
 share price and volume fluctuations attributable
  to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and 
 general economic and market
conditions. 
 Furthermore, the stock markets
recently have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many
companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry
fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such
as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may
negatively impact the market price of our Class A common stock. In the past,
companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock
have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of
this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could
result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other
business concerns, which could harm our business. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends
for the foreseeable future, and as a result your ability to achieve a return on
your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our Class A common
stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any
cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future
earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate
purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the
discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales
of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur,
as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our
charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more
difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management and limit the market price of our Class A common
stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change
in control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions
that: 
 authorize our board of directors to issue, without
  further action by the stockholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated
  preferred stock; 
 require that any action to be taken by our
  stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by
  written consent; 
 specify that special meetings of our stockholders
  can be called only by our board of directors, the Chair of our board of
  directors, or our Chief Executive Officer; 
 establish an advance notice procedure for
  stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including
  proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
 establish that our board of directors is divided
  into three classes, with directors in each class serving three-year staggered
  terms; 
 prohibit cumulative voting in the election of
  directors; 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors
  may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less
  than a quorum; 
 require the approval of our board of directors or
  the holders of a supermajority of our outstanding shares of capital stock to
  amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation;
  and 
 reflect two classes of common stock, as discussed
  above. 
 These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to
replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing
the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in
Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from
engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any “interested”
stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the
stockholder became an “interested” stockholder. 
 If securities or industry
analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish
negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could
decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A
common stock, to some extent, depends on the research and reports that
securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have
any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us
downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our shares, our share price
would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our
company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to
decline. 
 Future sales of our Class A
common stock in the public market could cause our share price to
decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of
shares of our Class A common stock in the public market, particularly sales by
our directors, officers and employees and significant stockholders, or the
perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our
Class A common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the
sale of additional equity securities. We have a small public float relative to
the total number of shares of our Class A and Class B common stock that are
issued. As of December 31, 2012, we had 23,380,283 shares of Class A common
stock and 40,124,986 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. Although a
public market exists for our Class A common stock only, shares of Class B common
stock are generally convertible into an equivalent number of shares of Class A
common stock at the option of the holder or upon transfer (subject to certain
exceptions). 
 The requirements of being a
public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and
affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board
members. 
 We are
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange
and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these
rules and regulations has increased and will continue to increase our legal and
financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming
or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to
maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant
resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management’s
attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our
business and operating results. Although we have hired additional employees to
comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the
future, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
 In addition, changing laws,
regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure
are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial
compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws,
regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases
due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in
practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and
governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding
compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to
disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply
with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in
increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s
time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.
If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from
the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities
related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings
against us and our business may be harmed. 
 We also expect that being a public
company that is subject to these new rules and regulations will make it more
expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may
be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to
obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to
attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors and qualified
executive officers. 
 As a result of becoming a public
company, we will be obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective
internal controls over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of
our internal controls over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these
internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely
affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our
Class A common stock. 
 We will be required, pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on,
among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting for the fiscal year ending 2013. This assessment will need to include
disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our
internal control over financial reporting, as well as a statement that our
auditors have issued an attestation report on our management’s assessment of our
internal controls. We are in the early stages of the costly and challenging
process of compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to
perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. We may not be able to
complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely
fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be
unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. If we are unable to
assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if
our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our
internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our Class
A common stock to decline.