We require capital for our operations as we are currently significantly undercapitalized and if we are unable to raise capital in the near future we will cease operations. 
 Our cash balance 
 .  This may impact the payment of our outstanding accounts payable balance.  We are currently evaluating several options for financing, but there are no guarantees that we will raise capital or that if we do raise the capital it will be on acceptable terms. 
 as of the end of March 2014 was $2.7M 
 Our limited operating history makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. 
 We have basically been a research and development company since beginning operations in February 2007.  We have a limited operating history and have generated limited revenue.  As we move more toward a manufacturing environment it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data.  Because of the uncertainties related to our lack of historical operations, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses.  If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. 
 Failure to successfully integrate 
 into our operations could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 the Workhorse ® brand, logo, intellectual property, patents and assembly plant in Union City, Indiana 
 , in March 2013, we have acquired Workhorse and the Workhorse A 
 .  The Workhorse acquisition may expose us to operational challenges and risks, including the diversion of management’s attention from our existing business, the failure to retain key Workhorse dealers and our ability to commence operations at the plant in Union City, Indiana.  Our ability to sustain our growth and maintain our competitive position may be affected by our ability to successfully integrate the Workhorse Assets. 
 As part of our strategy to become an OEM 
 ssets including the Workhorse ® brand, logo, intellectual property, patents and assembly plant in Union City, Indiana 
 AMP’s results of operations have not resulted in profitability and we may not be able to achieve profitability going forward. 
 incurred net losses amounting to 
 for the period from inception (February 20, 2007) through December 31, 2013.  In addition, as of December 31, 2013, AMP has a working capital deficiency of $ 4,020,840.  If we incur additional significant operating losses, our stock price may decline, perhaps significantly. 
 AMP has 
 $27,481,812 
 Our management is developing plans to alleviate the negative trends and conditions described above.  Our business plan has changed from concentrating on EV SUV’s to EV medium duty trucks, but is still speculative and unproven.  There is no assurance that even if we successfully implement our business plan, that we will be able to curtail our losses.  Further, as we are a development stage enterprise, we expect that net losses and the working capital deficiency will continue. 
 Our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected if we cannot reduce and adequately control the costs and expenses associated with operating our business, including our material and production costs. 
 produce our electric vehicles.  As a result, our current cost projections are considerably higher than the projected revenue stream that such vehicles will produce.  As a result we are continually working on initiatives to reduce our cost structure so that we may effectively compete. 
 We incur significant costs and expenses related to procuring the materials, components and services required to develop and 
 We currently do not have long-term supply contracts with guaranteed pricing which exposes us to fluctuations in component, materials and equipment prices.  Substantial increases in these prices would increase our operating costs and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Because we currently do not have long-term supply contracts with guaranteed pricing, we are subject to fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials, parts and components and equipment we use in the production of our vehicles.  Substantial increases in the prices for such raw materials, components and equipment would increase our operating costs and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased vehicle prices.  Any attempts to increase the announced or expected prices of our vehicles in response to increased costs could be viewed negatively by our customers and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We depend upon key personnel and need additional personnel. 
 Our success depends on the continuing services of James E. Taylor, Chairman of the Board, Stephen Burns, CEO, and Martin J. Rucidlo, President.  The loss of any of these individuals could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations.  Additionally, the success of the Company’s operations will largely depend upon its ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management personnel.  As with any company with limited resources, there can be no guarantee that the Company will be able to attract such individuals or that the presence of such individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for the Company.  Our inability to attract and retain key personnel may materially and adversely affect our business operations. 
 We must effectively manage the growth of our operations or our company will suffer. 
 t have adequately evaluated the costs and risks associated with this expansion, and our systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support our operations.  In addition, our management may not be able to achieve the rapid execution necessary to successfully offer our products and services and implement our business plan on a profitable basis.  The success of our future operating activities will also depend upon our ability to expand our support system to meet the demands of our growing business.  Any failure by our management to effectively anticipate, implement, and manage the changes required to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 To manage our growth, we believe we must continue to implement and improve our operational, manufacturing, and research and development departments.  We may no 
 Our business requires substantial capital, and if we are unable to maintain adequate financing sources our profitability and financial condition will suffer and jeopardize our ability to continue operations. 
 We require substantial capital to support our operations.  If we are unable to maintain adequate financing, or other sources of capital are not available, we could be forced to suspend, curtail or reduce our operations, which could harm our revenues, ability to achieve profitability, financial condition and business prospects. 
 We face competition. A few of our competitors have greater financial or other resources, longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we do and one or more of these competitors could use their greater resources and/or name recognition to gain market share at our expense or could make it very difficult for us to establish market share. 
 In the electric medium duty truck market in the United States, we compete with a few other manufacturers, including EVI and Smith Electric, who have more significant financial resources, established market positions, long-standing relationships with customers and dealers, and who have more significant name recognition, technical, marketing, sales, financial and other resources than we do.  Each of these companies is currently selling an electric vehicle or is working to develop, market and sell advanced technology vehicles in the United States market.  The resources available to our competitors to develop new products and introduce them into the marketplace exceed the resources currently available to us.  As a result, our competitors may be able to compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of time that we can.  This intense competitive environment may require us to make changes in our products, pricing, licensing, services, distribution, or marketing to develop a market position.  Each of these competitors has the potential to capture market share in our target markets which could have an adverse effect on our position in our industry and on our business and operating results. 
 If we are unable to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology, we may suffer a decline in our competitive position. 
 There are companies in the electric vehicle industry that have developed or are developing vehicles and technologies that compete or will compete with our vehicles.  We cannot assure that our competitors will not be able to duplicate our technology or provide products and services similar to ours more efficiently.  If for any reason we are unable to keep pace with changes in electric vehicle technology, particularly battery technology, our competitive position may be adversely affected.  We plan to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to continue to provide electric vehicles that incorporate the latest technology.  However, there is no assurance that our research and development efforts will keep pace with those of our competitors. 
 Our electric vehicles compete for market share with vehicles powered by other vehicle technologies that may prove to be more attractive than ours. 
 Our target market currently is serviced by manufacturers with existing customers and suppliers using proven and widely accepted fuel technologies.  Additionally, our competitors are working on developing technologies that may be introduced in our target market.  If any of these alternative technology vehicles can provide lower fuel costs, greater efficiencies, greater reliability or otherwise benefit from other factors resulting in an overall lower total cost of ownership, this may negatively affect the commercial success of our vehicles or make our vehicles uncompetitive or obsolete. 
 We currently have a limited customer base and expect that a significant portion of our future sales will be from a limited number of customers and the loss of any of these high volume customers could materially harm our business 
 A significant portion of our projected future revenue, if any, is generated from a limited number of vehicle customers.  Additionally, much of our business model is focused on building relationships with large customers.  Currently we have no contracts with customers that include long-term commitments or minimum volumes that ensure future sales of vehicles.  As such, a customer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot anticipate or control, such as reasons related to the customer’s financial condition, changes in the customer’s business strategy or operations or as the result of the perceived performance or cost-effectiveness of our vehicles.  The loss of or a reduction in sales or anticipated sales to our most significant customers could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Changes in the market for electric vehicles could cause our products to become obsolete or lose popularity. 
 The modern electric vehicle industry is in its infancy and has experienced substantial change in the last few years.  To date, demand for and interest in electric vehicles has been slower than forecasted by industry experts.  As a result, growth in the electric vehicle industry depends on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 continued development of product technology, especially batteries 
 the environmental consciousness of customers 
 the ability of electric vehicles to successfully compete with vehicles powered by internal combustion engines 
 limitation of widespread electricity shortages; and 
 sed use of non-polluting vehicles is enacted 
 whether future regulation and legislation requiring increa 
 We cannot assume that growth in the electric vehicle industry will continue.  Our business may suffer if the electric vehicle industry does not grow or grows more slowly than it has in recent years or if we are unable to maintain the pace of industry demands. 
 The unavailability, reduction, elimination or adverse application of government subsidies, incentives and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We believe that, currently, the availability of government subsidies and incentives is an important factor considered by our customers when purchasing our vehicles, and that our growth depends in part on the availability and amounts of these subsidies and incentives.  Any reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of government subsidies and incentives because of budgetary challenges, policy changes, the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the perceived success of electric vehicles or other reasons may result in the diminished price competitiveness of the alternative fuel vehicle industry. 
 We may be unable to keep up with changes in electric vehicle technology and, as a result, may suffer a decline in our competitive position. 
 Our current products are designed for use with, and are dependent upon, existing electric vehicle technology.  As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or adapt our products in order to continue to provide products with the latest technology.  However, our products may become obsolete or our research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to changes in or to create the necessary technology.  As a result, our potential inability to adapt and develop the necessary technology may harm our competitive position. 
 The failure of certain key suppliers to provide us with components could have a severe and negative impact upon our business. 
 We rely on a small group of suppliers to provide us with components for our products.  If these suppliers become unwilling or unable to provide components, there are a limited number of alternative suppliers who could provide them.  Changes in business conditions, wars, governmental changes, and other factors beyond our control or which we do not presently anticipate could affect our ability to receive components from our suppliers.  Further, it could be difficult to find replacement components if our current suppliers fail to provide the parts needed for these products.  A failure by our major suppliers to provide these components could severely restrict our ability to manufacture our products and prevent us from fulfilling customer orders in a timely fashion. 
 Product liability or other claims could have a material adverse effect on our business 
 The risk of product liability claims, product recalls, and associated adverse publicity is inherent in the manufacturing, marketing, and sale of electrical vehicles.  Although we have product liability insurance for our consumer and commercial products, that insurance may be inadequate to cover all potential product claims.  We also carry liability insurance on our products.  Any product recall or lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages either in excess of our coverage, or outside of our coverage, may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.  We may not be able to secure additional product liability insurance coverage on acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed.  A successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product recall could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and inhibit or prevent commercialization of other future product candidates.  We cannot provide assurance that such claims and/or recalls will not be made in the future. 
 We may have to devote substantial resources to implementing a retail product distribution network 
 Dealers are often hesitant to provide their own financing to contribute to our product distribution network.  As a result, we anticipate that we may have to provide financing or other consignment sale arrangements for dealers.  A capital investment such as this presents many risks, foremost among them being that we may not realize a significant return on our investment if the network is not profitable.  Our inability to collect receivables from dealers could cause us to suffer losses.  Lastly, the amount of time that our management will need to devote to this project may divert them from performing other functions necessary to assure the success of our business. 
 Vehicle dealer and distribution laws could adversely affect our ability to sell our commercial electric vehicles. 
 Sales of our vehicles are subject to international, state and local vehicle dealer and distribution laws.  To the extent such laws prevent us from selling our vehicle to customers located in a particular jurisdiction or require us to retain a local dealer or distributor or establish and maintain a physical presence in a jurisdiction in order to sell vehicles in that jurisdiction, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Regulatory requirements may have a negative impact upon our business. 
 While our products are subject to substantial regulation under federal, state, and local laws, we believe that our products are or will be materially in compliance with all applicable laws.  However, to the extent the laws change, or if we introduce new products in the future, some or all of our products may not comply with applicable federal, state, or local laws.  Further, certain federal, state, and local laws and industrial standards currently regulate electrical and electronics equipment.  Although standards for electric vehicles are not yet generally available or accepted as industry standards, our products may become subject to federal, state, and local regulation in the future.  Compliance with these regulations could be burdensome, time consuming, and expensive. 
 Our products are subject to environmental and safety compliance with various federal and state regulations, including regulations promulgated by the EPA, NHTSA, and various state boards, and compliance certification is required for each new model year.  The cost of these compliance activities and the delays and risks associated with obtaining approval can be substantial.  The risks, delays, and expenses incurred in connection with such compliance could be substantial. 
 Our success may be dependent on protecting our intellectual property rights. 
 We rely on trade secret protections to protect our proprietary technology.  Our success will, in part, depend on our ability to obtain trademarks and patents.  We are working on obtaining patents and trademarks registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office but have not finalized any as of this date.  Although we have entered into confidentiality agreements with our employees and consultants, we cannot be certain that others will not gain access to these trade secrets.  Others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. 
 We may be exposed to liability for infringing upon the intellectual property rights of other companies. 
 Our success will, in part, depend on our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others.  Although we have conducted searches and are not aware of any patents and trademarks which our products or their use might infringe, we cannot be certain that infringement has not or will not occur.  We could incur substantial costs, in addition to the great amount of time lost, in defending any patent or trademark infringement suits or in asserting any patent or trademark rights, in a suit with another party. 
 Our electric vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which, if not appropriately managed and controlled, on rare occasions have been observed to catch fire or vent smoke and flames.  If such events occur in our electric vehicles, we could face liability for damage or injury, adverse publicity and a potential safety recall, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 The battery packs in our electric vehicles use lithium-ion cells, which have been used for years in laptop computers and cell phones.  On rare occasions, if not appropriately managed and controlled, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials. 
 Our facilities could be damaged or adversely affected as a result of disasters or other unpredictable events.  Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our facility would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We engineer and assemble our electric vehicles in a facility in Loveland, Ohio. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our facility, whether due to technical, information systems, communication networks, accidents, weather conditions or other natural disaster, or otherwise, whether short or long-term, would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future.  Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.  The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting the company at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant.  If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on investment will only occur due to stock price appreciation. 
 Our stock price and trading volume may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 
 The equity trading markets may experience periods of volatility, which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity securities.  The market price of our common stock could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, our industry or our operating performance and financial condition.  In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur.  We have experienced significant volatility in the price of our stock.  We cannot assure that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future.  In addition, the stock markets in general can experience considerable price and volume fluctuations. 
 We have not voluntary implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflict of interest and similar matters. 
 Recent Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets.  Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements.  Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ, on which their securities are listed.  Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of Sarbanes Oxley measures in formulating their investment decisions. 
 We may be exposed to potential risks relating to our internal controls over financial reporting and our ability to have those controls attested to by our independent auditors. 
 As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("SOX 404"), the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules requiring smaller reporting companies, such as our company, to include a report of management on the company's internal controls over financial reporting in their annual reports for fiscal years ending on or after December 15, 2007.  We were required to include the management report in annual reports starting with the year ending December 31, 2009.  Previous SEC rules required a non-accelerated filer to include an attestation report in its annual report for years ending on or after June 15, 2010.  Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Act added SOX Section 404(c) to exempt from the attestation requirement smaller issuers that are neither accelerated filers nor large accelerated filers under Rule 12b-2.  Under Rule 12b-2, subject to periodic and annual reporting criteria, an “accelerated filer” is an issuer with market value of $75 million, but less than $700 million; a “large accelerated filer” is an issuer with market value of $700 million or greater.  As a result, the exemption effectively applies to companies with less than $75 million in market capitalization.  Item 9a of this filing, 
 , indicates the company’s controls and procedures were not effective. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 The trading of our common stock is limited under the SEC’s penny stock regulations, which will adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. 
 The trading price of our common stock is currently less than $5.00 per share and, as a result, our common stock is considered a "penny stock”, and trading in our common stock would be subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act.  Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special sales practice requirements.  Generally, the broker/dealer must make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written consent prior to the transaction. 
 SEC regulations also require additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a "penny stock," including the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and its associated risks.  These requirements severely limit the liquidity of securities in the secondary market because few broker or dealers are likely to undertake these compliance activities.  In addition to the applicability of the penny stock rules, other risks associated with trading in penny stocks could also be price fluctuations and the lack of a liquid market.  An active and liquid market in our common stock may never develop due to these factors. 
 ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED 
 STAFF COMMENTS