We design, develop, manufacture, and sell high-performance,
medium-duty trucks with advanced powertrain components under the Workhorse proven chassis brand. We believe that our vehicles,
engineering expertise, innovation, and operational structure differentiate us from traditional truck manufacturers. 
 We recently announced that we filed a provisional patent for a new
system that extends the range of electric vehicles while reducing the overall cost of the typical battery-electric power train.
The new system, E-GEN Drive(TM), is designed specifically for the package delivery vehicle market, in which the diesel and/or gasoline-powered
vehicles in use now, stop and restart hundreds of times a day. We believe that battery-electric technology is an ideal fit for
urban and suburban delivery routes and we understand fleet owner's concerns about range anxiety and cost. Our E-GEN Drive system
will enable them to keep the batteries recharged to a consistent state of charge throughout the day and, since we are able to use
smaller battery packs, we can reduce the cost of the entire system. Our E-GEN Drive trucks, offer a three-year payback making them
price competitive with gasoline-powered trucks. 
 Our association with Power Solutions International (PSIX:NASDAQ)
provides us with multi-fuel engines that function as generators. When the ignition is shut off, the engine automatically turns
on and recharges the battery pack. When the ignition is turned back on, the engine turns off and the vehicle reverts to all-electric
power. The engine and the battery-powered motor are never in use at the same time. It's not a traditional hybrid, but an extended-range
electric vehicle. 
 As a result, we believe our new design has many benefits, including: 
 We also announced the second generation, full-electric truck “E-100”
which is a significant improvement to our first generation vehicle. The second-generation vehicle includes a single powerful electric
motor with no transmission and new lighter, high-density Lithium Ion batteries giving the vehicle a range of up to 100 miles. 
 In March of 2013, we purchased the former Workhorse Custom Chassis
assembly plant in Union City, Indiana from Navistar International (NAV:NYSE). With this acquisition, we became an Original Equipment
Manufacturer (OEM) of Class 3-6 commercial-grade, medium-duty truck chassis to be marketed under the Workhorse® brand. 
 Ownership and operation of this plant enables us to build new chassis
with gross vehicle weight capacities of between 10,000 and 26,000 pounds and offer them in four different fuel variants—electric,
gas, propane, and compressed natural gas (CNG). We plan to offer commonly known Workhorse chassis like the W22, W42, W62, as well
as a new, 88” track, W88 truck chassis that will be offered to fleet purchasing managers at price points that are both attractive
and cost competitive. 
 At the same time, AMP intends to partner with engine suppliers and
body fabricators to offer fleet-specific, custom, purpose-built chassis that provide total cost of ownership solutions that are
superior to the competition. 
 In addition to having the ability to build our own chassis, we design
and produce battery-electric power trains that can be installed in new Workhorse chassis or installed as repower packages to convert
used Class 3-6 medium-duty vehicles from diesel or gasoline power to electric power. Our approach is to provide battery-electric
power trains utilizing proven, automotive-grade, mass-produced parts in its architecture coupled with in-house control software
that we have developed over the last five years. 
 The Workhorse Custom Chassis acquisition includes other important
assets including the Workhorse brand and logo, intellectual property, schematics, logistical support from Up-Time Parts (a Navistar
subsidiary) and, perhaps most importantly, a network of 400-plus sales and service outlets across North America. We believe combination
of AMP’s chassis assembly capability, coupled with its ability to offer an array of fuel choices, gives AMP/Workhorse a unique
opportunity in the marketplace. 
 AMP is also engineering the future of parcel delivery aviation:
HorseFly™, an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) that is designed for the package delivery market as well as other commercial
applications. Our UAV works in tandem with our electric truck to bring a practical low cost solution make the last mile more efficient
and cost effective for our parcel customers. 
 Our Products 
 Trucks: 
 Powertrain 
 E-GEN 
 In January of 2014, AMP Holdings Inc. submitted a patent application
for a new drive system. This revolutionary design is an extended range electric drive system that we call the E-GEN. This system
is an electric drive that has a gasoline/propane or CNG engine that functions as an auxiliary generator that only runs when the
battery reaches a certain level of depletion, the vehicle is in PARK and the key is out. This system combines battery-electric
propulsion with a low-horsepower, fossil fuel generator to produce a vehicle that gets two to four times the miles per gallon of
its conventional counterpart, thus providing the fleet operator with a solution that has a three-year payback without any government
incentives. We believe that this is the ideal solution for the domestic package delivery fleet operators as well as other specialized
markets (i.e. shuttle, school, public transportation buses, and specialty-use vehicles). We are currently working with the California
Air Resource Board (CARB) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to get approval for this design so it can qualify for governmental
incentives. 
 Our approach to the commercial market is to provide alternative-fueled
chassis at competitive prices that are as reliable and consistent, in all aspects, as the Navistar chassis that last rolled off
the line in the 
 last quarter of 2012. Our sales strategy targets the Top Fleet Buyers. We have restored purchasing arrangements
with key parts suppliers, forged an arrangement for logistics support with UpTime Parts, Inc. and structured an engine supply agreement
with Power Solutions International (NASDAQ:PSIX). 
 We are focused on the extended range electric E-GEN solution since
it offers the customer a solution that provides answers to their key concerns with electric vehicles (i.e. range issues in cold
weather, peak season requirements, infrastructure costs, and “what are my options if there is a power outage?”). 
 E-100 
 Our AMP E-100 all-electric, medium-duty truck is the second generation
full electric power-train that is a significant improvement to our first generation. It includes a single electric motor with no
transmission and new lighter, high-density Lithium Ion batteries giving it a range of up to 100 miles. This application has received
California Air Resources Board approval for sale in California and is now on the California HVIP list and eligible for incentive
purchase. Additionally, we are also approved in New York under the NYSERDA Program and approved for both new trucks and repowers
under the Drive Clean Chicago incentive program. 
 Chassis: 
 W88 
 The new W88 chassis is designed to meet the needs of a wide range
of customers. At the same time, it is a universal chassis from an operations perspective. We believe that this chassis will be
the workhorse of our product offerings. We expect to offer this chassis with gross vehicle weight GVW ratings of 10,000 to 26,000
pounds. It will also be offered with drive train and fuel systems ranging from all-electric , extended range electric EREV utilizing
gasoline, propane or CNG, PSI gasoline 6-liter engine, propane, and CNG. 
 W22 
 The W22 chassis is designed to meet the needs of the recreational
vehicle market for weight ratings up to 26,000 GVW. It has been in the marketplace for over 10 years and is well-proven for this
application. We will offer this chassis with the PSI 8.8 Liter engine. 
 W42 
 The W42 chassis is designed for the 12,000 to 14,500 GVW vehicle
market. Like the W22 it has been in the marketplace for over 10 years and is well-regarded. 
 W62 
 The W42 chassis is designed for the 19,500 to 23,500 GVW vehicle
market. Like the W22 and W42 it has been in the marketplace for over 10 years and is also well-proven. 
 Applications: 
 Commercial Step Vans 
 Package Delivery Industry: 
 Approximately 80% of the vehicles
in this segment operate on a fixed route and travel fewer than 100 miles per day, stop more than 100 times within an average duty
cycle of eight to ten hours, and return to an indoor distribution center. The best examples include: UPS, FEDEX, FEDEX Ground,
DHL, and Purolator. 
 Product Delivery Industry 
 : Approximately 70% of the vehicles
in this segment operate on a fixed route and travel fewer than 100 miles per day, stop between 50 and 100 times within an average
duty cycle of eight to ten hours, and return to a distribution center that is either indoors, or the vehicles are stored at the
dock, or in an outdoor lot adjacent to the distribution facility. Examples are: Frito-Lay, Pepsi, Coke, Aramark, Bimbo Bakeries,
Peapod, and other grocery delivery services. 
 Laundry and Uniform Service Industry: 
 Approximately 60% of
the vehicles in this segment operate on a fixed route and travel approximately 100 miles per day, stop between 30 and 50 times
within an average duty cycle of eight to ten hours, and return to a laundry facility where the vehicles are stored outside the
facility. Cintas, Aramark, UniFirst, and Diaper Service are examples. 
 Food Service Industry: 
 Approximately 80% of the vehicles
in this segment operate on a fixed route and travel approximately 100 miles per day stopping between 10 and 30 times within an
average duty cycle of eight to ten hours. They return to a commissary facility where the vehicles are stored outside the facility
and serviced at this common facility. Food trucks fall into this category. 
 Utility Industry: 
 The route that these vehicles follow is
dependent on the utility and the energy company’s territory. Some utilities, for example, are captive to a county or surrounding
counties of one large metro area. This model is ideal for a segment of the fleet to be all electric utility vehicles. For the utilities
that cover the entire state or even multiple states, CNG, or Hybrid CNG/Electric vehicles are required. 
 Special Use Industry: 
 This segment basically consists of
what is not already mentioned. SWAT, Warehouse on Wheels i.e. Snap-on-Tools, HVAC, Plumbers, and other service applications that
require a large cube storage vehicle fit into this category. 
 The current number of commercial step vans in use in the US is approximately
300,000 units. Today between 3% and 4% are replaced with new vehicles every year. A number of the larger fleets that effectively
utilize this type of vehicle replace vehicles at a rate closer to 7% per year. We believe that with the proper mix of alternative
fuel options combined with purpose-built chassis for specific use in this segment will result in a replacement rate of as much
as 10% in the initial transition period and then a 5% to 7% overall rate long term. 
 Medium Duty Buses 
 The next segment that we believe will have significant volume potential
for us is the medium duty bus (108”H x 95.5 W x 247”to 286” L) Para-Transit, Shuttle and School Buses are part
of this segment. We are able to offer alternative fuel solutions, as well as innovative E-GEN EREV solutions combined with the
AMP/Workhorse chassis we believe that this market segment has tremendous potential. 
 Special Use Vehicles 
 The special use vehicle segment includes emergency vehicles, wreckers,
construction equipment, communications equipment and military base application. This segment is similar to Medium-duty buses in
terms of volume potential. 
 Recreational Vehicles 
 The final segment that we believe will have significant volume potential
for us is the Class 5 and 6 RV chassis market. We believe that the right combination of drive system and Workhorse chassis has
the potential to capture a significant portion of the market. Currently, RV manufacturers only have one option if they want to
purchase a class 5 or 6 gasoline chassis for an RV application. 
 Unmanned Aerial Vehicles: 
 HorseFly™ Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) is designed for the
package delivery market as well as other commercial applications 
 Partnered with The University of Cincinnati’s Department of
Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics to develop HorseFly Our unique HorseFly line of drones is designed to be the ‘last
mile’ solution in delivery logistics. We worked with the University of Cincinnati to develop the HorseFly to meet the rigors
of package delivery and to have eight rotors and redundant systems to ensure safety in the air. Today, we estimate that it costs
approximately $1 to move a 20,000-pound diesel-powered truck one mile.  While we believe our Workhorse trucks can reduce the
standard delivery costs from $1 to less than $0.30 cents per mile based on current costs of fuel, we expect that having drones
handle the last leg of delivery could further potentially reduce the cost to about $0.03 for the last mile. The all-weather HorseFly
battery-powered drone will carry up to 10 pounds of cargo with a 15-mile range. It is designed to meet the anticipated FAA drone
guidelines expected in 2015, of which there is no guarantee, and is differentiated from other drones as it is designed to work
in tandem with a Workhorse electric truck. HorseFly will deliver packages, loaded on-route by the truck's driver, to remote locations
while the driver continues on the main delivery route. HorseFly will then rejoin the truck at its new location after its delivery
is completed, saving the fleet operator much of the time and fuel cost of the last, most expensive, mile. Also while the HorseFly
is atop the Workhorse truck, it can quickly charge its batteries from the truck's large battery pack.  We believe this implementation
is superior to the proposed deployment of other delivery drones wherein the package is loaded at a distant warehouse and the drone
must make a round trip flight to the delivery address and back to the warehouse.  Other applications for the HorseFly include
transmission line inspections and agricultural surveys. 
 Technology 
 Batteries Are Key 
 The battery pack is key to the design, development, and manufacture
of advanced electric-vehicle power trains. Where some other EV manufacturers purchase their batteries in a plug-and-play pack,
we build our own battery packs. This keeps the intellectual property related to the design and production of the pack in-house
and avoids the issues that occur when a battery supplier fails. And it also enables us to pay less for our batteries and pack than
do our competitors thus our all-electric truck is less expensive than competitive vehicles. We use the Panasonic or LG Chem 18650
cells and, like Tesla, design the pack around these commodity cells. 
 In-House Software Development is Essential 
 Our power trains encompass the complete motor assemblies, computers,
and software required for vehicle electrification. We use off-the-shelf, proven components and combine them with our proprietary
software. 
 Innovation is the Future 
 Additionally, we have developed a cloud-based, remote management
system to manage and track the performance of all of the vehicles that we deploy in order to provide a 21st Century solution for
fleet managers. 
 Locations and Facilities 
 Our company headquarters and R & D facility is located at 100
Commerce Drive, Loveland, Ohio, a Cincinnati suburb. We occupy a 30,000 sq. ft. facility that allows for the manufacture of 1,000
electric power train kits per year. Power trains will be delivered to the Workhorse facility in Indiana or shipped to our dealer
network for onsite installation in conversion vehicles. 
 Workhorse/AMP Trucks, Inc. Location 
 Our truck assembly facility is located in Union City, Indiana. This
facility consists of three buildings with 270,000 square feet of manufacturing and office space on 46 acres. 
 Workhorse Facility 
 In March of 2013, we purchased the former Workhorse Custom Chassis
assembly plant in Union City, Indiana. With this acquisition, we became an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) of Class 3-6 commercial-grade,
medium-duty truck chassis to be marketed under the Workhorse® brand. 
 Ownership and operation of this plant enables us to build new chassis
with gross vehicle weight capacity of between 10,000 and 26,000 pounds and offer them in four different fuel variants—electric,
gas, propane, and CNG. We plan to offer well- known Workhorse chassis like the W22, W42, W62, as well as a new, 88” track
W88 truck chassis that will be offered to fleet purchasing managers at price points that are both attractive and cost competitive. 
 At the same time, AMP intends to partner with engine suppliers and
body fabricators to offer fleet-specific, custom, purpose-built chassis that provide total cost of ownership solutions that are
superior to the competition. 
 In addition to building our own chassis, we design and produce battery-electric
power trains that can be installed in new Workhorse chassis or installed as repower packages to convert used Class 3-6 medium-duty
vehicles from diesel or gasoline power to electric power. Our approach is to provide battery-electric power trains utilizes proven,
automotive-grade, mass-produced parts in its architecture coupled with in-house control software that it has developed over the
last five years. 
 The Workhorse Custom Chassis acquisition includes other important
assets including the Workhorse brand and logo, intellectual property, schematics, logistical support from UpTime Parts (a Navistar
subsidiary) and, perhaps most importantly, a network of 400 plus sales and service outlets across North America. We believe the
combination of AMP’s chassis assembly capability, coupled with its ability to offer an array of fuel choices, gives AMP/Workhorse
a unique opportunity in the marketplace. 
 Marketing 
 Our sales team is focused on a targeted list of high profile, former
purchasers, and current buyers of the Workhorse chassis with the goal of securing purchase orders from these companies. These purchase
orders will give us the first look at next year’s chassis demand related to electric and extended range electric vehicles. 
 Our priority is to establish the commercial step van as our core
business. We intend to be the best choice for a vehicle in this segment regardless of the fuel type that the customer chooses.
Additionally, our sales plan is to meet with the top potential customers and obtain purchase orders for new electric, extended
range electric, gasoline, propane, or CNG vehicles for their production vehicle requirements. 
 The second segment that we are focused on is medium-duty buses.
This is based on fact that we completed two 15-passenger para-transit buses for BARTA (Berks County Regional Transit Authority)
in Pennsylvania. These buses are equipped with wireless charging and represent a unique solution for a number of applications (i.e.
airport hotels, rental car companies and municipal transit authorities). Once we have completed all of the relevant testing on
these buses we will work with bus body builders to develop pricing and plan to offer a Workhorse/AMP chassis for sales in late
2016. 
 Finally, since our competitive advantage in the marketplace is our
ability to provide purpose-built solutions to customers that have unique requirements at relatively low-volume, we have submitted
proposals to companies for purpose-built vehicle applications. 
 AMP Trucks will promote the Workhorse brand at select trade shows,
conferences and briefings. 
 Strategic Relationships 
 Power Solutions International (PSIX:NASDAQ): 
 PSI supplies
engines that are certified and calibrated for on-road use by companies such as AMP/Workhorse utilizing gasoline, propane or CNG
as a fuel. They have the ability and the resources to provide engines that meet fleet requirements in volumes that are significantly
below the volume requirements of companies like Ford or Freightliner for similar specialized powertrain systems. 
 Morgan Olsen, Utilimaster, TransTech Bus, ECO, and other up-fitters
or body fabricators 
 : All of these companies build bodies customized for the needs of their customers and mated to chassis that
are available to them from the short list of chassis suppliers. The functionality and configuration the end-user receives in the
finished product is limited by the available chassis/powertrain. AMP/Workhorse will work with these organizations to provide chassis
that not only best fit the needs of the end user customer but also provide the customer with a competitive advantage in their specific
industry or application. 
 Research and Development 
 The majority of our research and development is conducted in-house
at our facilities near Cincinnati, Ohio. Additionally, we contract with engineering firms to assist with validation and certification
requirements as well as specific vehicle integration tasks. 
 Competitive Companies 
 The medium-duty commercial vehicle market
is highly competitive and we expect it to become even more so in the future as additional companies launch competing vehicle offerings.
The medium-duty commercial alternatively fueled vehicle market, however, is less developed and competitive. There are two primary
competitors in the medium-duty vehicle segment in the US market:  Ford and Freightliner.  Neither has disclosed
any plans to offer 100% EV or EREV vehicles in this segment. Ford is vertically integrated building a complete vehicle or chassis
including Ford engine and transmission.  They provide a chassis as a strip-chassis (which is similar to the Workhorse
product) or they provide it with a cab. Freightliner provides a chassis as a strip-chassis, which is similar to the Workhorse/AMP
Truck chassis. 
 We believe the most dramatic difference
between AMP and the other competitors in the medium duty truck market is our ability to offer customers purpose-built solutions
that meet the needs of their unique requirements at a competitive price. While there are many electric car companies from abroad,
there are only a few foreign companies that have vehicles in the category of medium-duty trucks. 
 We believe that the primary competitive factors within the
medium-duty commercial vehicle market are: 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 Our electric vehicles are designed to comply
with a significant number of governmental regulations and industry standards, some of which are evolving as new technologies are
deployed. Government regulations regarding the manufacture, sale and implementation of products and systems similar to our electric
vehicles are subject to future change. We cannot predict what impact, if any, such changes may have upon our business. We believe
that our vehicles are in conformity with all applicable laws in all relevant jurisdictions. 
 Emission and fuel economy standards 
 Government regulation related to climate change
is under consideration at the U.S. federal and state levels. The EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, or
NHTSA, issued a final rule for greenhouse gas emissions and fuel economy requirements for trucks and heavy-duty engines on August 9,
2011, which will have an initial phase in starting with model year 2014 and a final phase in occurring in model year 2017. NHTSA
standards for model year 2014 and 2015 will be voluntary, while mandatory standards will first come into effect in 2016. 
 The rule provides emission standards for CO2
and fuel consumption standards for three main categories of vehicles: (i) combination tractors, (ii) heavy-duty pickup
trucks and vans and (iii) vocational vehicles. We believe that the Workhorse chassis would be considered “vocational
vehicles" under the rule. According to the EPA and NHTSA, vocational vehicles consist of a wide variety of truck and bus types,
including delivery, refuse, utility, dump, cement, transit bus, shuttle bus, school bus, emergency vehicles, motor homes and tow
trucks, and are characterized by a complex build process, with an incomplete chassis often built with an engine and transmission
purchased from other manufacturers, then sold to a body manufacturer. 
 The EPA and NHTSA rule also establishes multiple
flexibility and incentive programs for manufacturers of alternatively fueled vehicles, such as the Workhorse E-100 full electric
and the E-Gen Electric, including an engine averaging, banking and trading, or ABT, program, a vehicle ABT program and additional
credit programs for early adoption of standards or deployment of advanced or innovative technologies. The ABT programs will allow
for emission and/or fuel consumption credits to be averaged, banked or traded within defined groupings of the regulatory subcategories.
The additional credit programs will allow manufacturers of engines and vehicles to be eligible to generate credits if they demonstrate
improvements in excess of the standards established in the rule prior to the model year the standards become effective or if they
introduce advanced or innovative technology engines or vehicles. 
 The Clean Air Act requires that we obtain a
Certificate of Conformity issued by the EPA and a California Executive Order issued by CARB with respect to emissions for our vehicles.
The Certificate of Conformity is required for vehicles sold in states covered by the Clean Air Act's standards and the Executive
Order is required for vehicles sold in states that have sought and received a waiver from the EPA to utilize California standards.
The California standards for emissions control for certain regulated pollutants for new vehicles and engines sold in California
are set by CARB. States that have adopted the California standards as approved by EPA also recognize the Executive Order for sales
of vehicles. 
 Manufacturers who sell vehicles in states covered
by federal requirements under the Clean Air Act without a Certificate of Conformity may be subject to penalties of up to $37,500
per violation and be required to recall and remedy any vehicles sold with emissions in excess of Clean Air Act standards. In 2013,
we received approval from CARB to sell the E-100 in California based on our own emissions tests. 
 Vehicle safety and testing 
 The National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety
Act of 1966, or the Safety Act, regulates motor vehicles and motor vehicle equipment in the United States in two primary ways.
First, the Safety Act prohibits the sale in the United States of any new vehicle or equipment that does not conform to applicable
motor vehicle safety standards established by NHTSA. Meeting or exceeding many safety standards is costly, in part because the
standards tend to conflict with the need to reduce vehicle weight in order to meet emissions and fuel economy standards. Second,
the Safety Act requires that defects related to motor vehicle safety be remedied through safety recall campaigns. A manufacturer
is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. Should we or NHTSA determine
that either a safety defect or noncompliance exists with respect to any of our vehicles, the cost of such recall campaigns could
be substantial. 
 Battery safety and testing 
 Our battery packs conform to mandatory regulations
that govern transport of "dangerous goods," which includes lithium-ion batteries, which may present a risk in transportation.
The governing regulations, which are issued by PHMSA, are based on the UN Recommendations on the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods
Model Regulations, and related UN Manual of Tests and Criteria. The requirements for shipments of these goods vary by mode of transportation,
such as ocean vessel, rail, truck and air. 
 Our battery module suppliers have completed
the applicable transportation tests for our prototype and production battery packs demonstrating our compliance with the UN Manual
of Tests and Criteria, including: 
 Vehicle dealer and distribution regulation 
 Certain states' laws require motor vehicle
manufacturers and dealers to be licensed in such states in order to conduct manufacturing and sales activities. To date, we are
registered as both a motor vehicle manufacturer and dealer in Indiana and Ohio as well as a dealer in California and Chicago. We
have not yet sought formal clarification of our ability to manufacture or sell our vehicles in any other states. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We has five pending trademark applications
and two issued trademark registrations in the U.S. with intent to pursue foreign trademark registration as well. We have one pending
U.S. patent application, six existing patents and also plan to pursue appropriate foreign patent protection on those inventions.
The following is a summary of our patents: 
 1/30/2015 
 Agreements 
 Momentum Dynamics and BARTA (Berks County Regional Transportation
Authority) 
 On December 29, 2012, the Company entered into an Agreement with
Momentum Dynamics to engineer, develop, and producetwo development vehicles for BARTA in Reading, Pennsylvania. We are seeking
to have this project generate the following: promote the use of AMP products for other similar applications i.e. rental car shuttle
buses, motel and hotel shuttle buses, school buses, and other hospitality shuttle bus applications, network the AMP products through
the Momentum Dynamic sales channel, and promote the sale of AMP products to the Departments of Transportation throughout the US. 
 Navistar International Truck 
 In April of 2012 we signed a development agreement with Navistar
International Truck. The scope of work for this project was to repower two 2004 vintage W1652 vehicles, which were originally produced
by Navistar. Their customer, a large package delivery company, has an interest in repowering these vehicles with something other
than the current diesel engine that is in this vehicle. Navistar was interested in working with them to repower these vehicles
with either electric or some other fuel system. With electric being the most desirable if the customer’s price point could
be met, AMP was subcontracted by Navistar to perform the electric repower, and in August of 2012 AMP delivered the first vehicle
to Navistar. The vehicle passed their initial performance requirements which were based on their end customer’s specifications.
In October 2012 Navistar turned the project over to AMP to work directly with them to provide a 100% electric repowered vehicle.
Since that time, AMP has been working through the customer requirements and completed all stages of testing and durability. 
 Employees 
 We currently have 13 full-time and two
part-time employees located in Loveland, Ohio and two full-time and one part-time employees located in Union City, Indiana. We
also contract for hire with approximately 17 outside consultants and contractors. Three of our employees are engaged in administrative
aspects of our business and 15 are involved in research and development. Ten of our contractors are involved in research and development
and seven are involved in administration. 
 ITEM 1A. 	 RISK FACTORS 
 Our results of operations have not
resulted in profitability and we may not be able to achieve profitability going forward. 
 We have incurred net losses amounting
to $34.1 million for the period from inception (February 20, 2007) through December 31, 2014.  In addition, as of December
31, 2014, we had a working capital deficiency of $2.3 million.  We have had net losses in each quarter since our inception.
We expect that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We may incur significant losses in the future for
a number of reasons, including the other risks described in this prospectus, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays and other unknown events. Accordingly, we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Our management
is developing plans to alleviate the negative trends and conditions described above and there is no guarantee that such plans will
be successfully implemented.  Our business plan has changed from concentrating on the electric passenger vehicle market
to the electric medium duty trucks, but is still unproven.  There is no assurance that even if we successfully implement
our business plan, that we will be able to curtail our losses.  Further, as we are a development stage enterprise, we
expect that net losses and the working capital deficiency will continue. If we incur additional significant operating losses, our
stock price may decline, perhaps significantly. 
 We have yet to achieve positive cash
flow and, given our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 
 We have had negative cash flow from
operating activities of $4.5 million and $2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. We anticipate
that we will continue to have negative cash flow from operating and investing activities for the foreseeable future as we expect
to incur increased research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses and make significant
capital expenditures in our efforts to increase sales and commence operations at our Union City facility. Our business also will
at times require significant amounts of working capital to support our growth, particularly as we acquire inventory to support
our anticipated increase in production. An inability to generate positive cash flow for the foreseeable future may adversely affect
our ability to raise needed capital for our business on reasonable terms, diminish supplier or customer willingness to enter into
transactions with us, and have other adverse effects that may decrease our long-term viability. There can be no assurance we will
achieve positive cash flow in the foreseeable future. 
 We need access to additional financing,
which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. For the year ended December 31, 2014, our independent registered
public accounting firm issued a report on our 2014 financial statements that contains an explanatory paragraph stating that the
lack of sales, negative working capital and stockholders’ deficit, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. If we cannot access additional financing when we need it and on acceptable terms, our business, prospects,
financial condition, operating results and ability to continue as a going concern could be adversely affected. 
 Our growth-oriented business plan to
design, produce, sell and service commercial electric vehicles through our Union City facility will require continued capital investment.
Our research and development activities will require continued investment. For the year ended December 31, 2014, our independent
registered public accounting firm issued a report on our 2014 financial statements that contains an explanatory paragraph stating
that the lack of sales, negative working capital and stockholders’ deficit, raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. In order to implement our operations through June 30, 2015, we will need to raise approximately $10
million and to fully implement our business plan through December 31, 2016 we will need to raise approximately $20 million. This
capital will be necessary to fund our ongoing operations, continue research, development and design efforts, open our sales, service
and assembly facilities, improve infrastructure and introduce new or improve existing vehicle models. We cannot be certain that
additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all, particularly given that we do not now
have a committed credit facility with any government or financial institution. If we cannot obtain additional financing when we
need it and on terms acceptable to us, our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and ability to continue
as a going concern could be adversely affected. 
 Our limited operating history makes
it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance 
 We have basically been a research and
development company since beginning operations in February 2007.  We have a limited operating history and have generated
limited revenue.  As we move more toward a manufacturing environment it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast
our future results based upon our historical data.  Because of the uncertainties related to our lack of historical operations,
we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses.  If
we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or incur losses, which
may result in a decline in our stock price. 
 Failure to successfully integrate
the Workhorse ® brand, logo, intellectual property, patents and assembly plant in Union City, Indiana into our operations could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 As part of our strategy to become an
OEM, in March 2013, we acquired Workhorse and the Workhorse Assets including the Workhorse ® brand, logo, intellectual property,
patents and assembly plant in Union City, Indiana.  The Workhorse acquisition may expose us to operational challenges
and risks, including the diversion of management’s attention from our existing business, the failure to retain key Workhorse
dealers and our ability to commence operations at the plant in Union City, Indiana.  Our ability to sustain our growth
and maintain our competitive position may be affected by our ability to successfully integrate the Workhorse Assets. 
 Our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results will be adversely affected if we cannot reduce and adequately control the costs and expenses associated
with operating our business, including our material and production costs. 
 We incur significant costs and expenses
related to procuring the materials, components and services required to develop and produce our electric vehicles. We have secured
supply agreements for our critical components including our batteries. However, these are dependent on volume to ensure that they
are available at a competitive price.   As a result, our current cost projections are considerably higher than the projected
revenue stream that such vehicles will produce.  As a result we are continually working on initiatives to reduce our
cost structure so that we may effectively compete. If we do not properly manage our costs and expenses our net losses will continue
which will negatively impact our stock price. 
 If we are unable to pay off the outstanding
amount owed under the debenture in the principal amount of $2,250,000 that is secured against all of the assets of AMP Trucks including
the Workhorse brand and the Union City facility and such lien holder were to take possession of such assets, our operations would
be severely negatively impacted if not curtailed. 
 n
March 4, 2013, AMP Trucks entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Workhorse Custom Chassis, LLC (“WCC”), an Illinois
limited liability company and a wholly-owned affiliate of Navistar International Corporation, to purchase certain assets including
the Workhorse ® brand, logo, intellectual property, patents and 
 approximately 250,000 sq. ft. of facilities on
48 acres of land in Union City, Indiana 
 (the “Assets”). On March 13, 2013,
AMP Trucks closed the acquisition of the Assets from WCC for a purchase price of $5,000,000 of which $2,750,000 was paid in cash
and the delivery of a Secured Debenture (the “Debenture”) in the principal amount of $2,250,000.  The Debenture
is secured pursuant to a Security Agreement (the “Security Agreement”) and a Mortgage, Security Agreement, Assignment
of Rents and Fixture Filing (the “Mortgage”) entered between AMP Trucks and WCC.  Pursuant to the Security
Agreement, AMP Trucks granted WCC a security interest in all of the assets of AMP Trucks in order to secure the prompt payment,
performance and discharge in full of all of obligations of AMP Trucks under the Debenture.  Pursuant to the Mortgage,
the Debenture is secured by the real estate and related assets of the plant located in Union City, Indiana.  The Debenture
matures three years from its effective date of March 13, 2013 (the "Maturity Date") and interest associated with the
Debenture is 10% per annum, which is payable on the Maturity Date.  AMP Trucks may prepay outstanding principal and interest
of the Debenture in full at any time.  In the event AMP Trucks prepays outstanding principal and interest, it shall pay
an amount equal to all outstanding principal and interest multiplied by 105%.   AMP Holding and AMP guaranteed the
payment of the Debenture. 
 Our future growth is dependent upon
the willingness of operators of commercial vehicle fleets to adopt electric vehicles and on our ability to produce, sell and service
vehicles that meet their needs. If the market for commercial electric vehicles does not develop as we expect or develops more slowly
than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Our growth is dependent upon the adoption
of electric vehicles by operators of commercial vehicle fleets and on our ability to produce, sell and service vehicles that meet
their needs. The entry of commercial electric vehicles into the medium-duty commercial vehicle market is a relatively new development,
particularly in the United States, and is characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving government regulation, industry
standards and customer views of the merits of using electric vehicles in their businesses. This process has been slow as without
including the impact of government or other subsidies and incentives, the purchase prices for our commercial electric vehicles
currently is higher than the purchase prices for diesel-fueled vehicles. As part of our sales efforts, we must educate fleet managers
as to the economical savings during the life of the vehicle. As such, we believe that operators of commercial vehicle fleets consider
a number of factors when deciding whether to purchase our commercial electric vehicles (or commercial electric vehicles generally)
or vehicles powered by internal combustion engines, particularly diesel-fueled or natural gas-fueled vehicles. We believe these
factors include: 
 If, in weighing these factors, operators
of commercial vehicle fleets determine that there is not a compelling business justification for purchasing commercial electric
vehicles, particularly those that we produce and sell, then the market for commercial electric vehicles may not develop as we expect
or may develop more slowly than we expect, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. 
 If our customers are unable to efficiently
and effectively integrate our electric vehicles into their existing commercial fleets our sales may suffer and our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our sales strategy involves a comprehensive
plan for the pilot and roll-out of our electric vehicles, as well as the ongoing replacement of existing commercial vehicles with
our electric vehicles, that is tailored to the individual needs of our customers. If we are unable to develop and execute fleet
integration strategies or fleet management support services that meet our customers' unique circumstances with minimal disruption
to their businesses, our customers may not realize the economic benefits they expect from our electric vehicles. If this were to
occur, our customers may not order additional vehicles from us, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results. 
 We currently do not have long-term
supply contracts with guaranteed pricing which exposes us to fluctuations in component, materials and equipment prices.  Substantial
increases in these prices would increase our operating costs and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. 
 Because we currently do not have long-term
supply contracts with guaranteed pricing, we are subject to fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials, parts and components
and equipment we use in the production of our vehicles.  Substantial increases in the prices for such raw materials,
components and equipment would increase our operating costs and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs
through increased vehicle prices.  Any attempts to increase the announced or expected prices of our vehicles in response
to increased costs could be viewed negatively by our customers and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. 
 If we are unable to scale our operations
at our Union City facility in an expedited manner from our limited low volume production to high volume production, our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We are currently assembling our orders
at our Union City facility which is acceptable for our existing orders. In order to satisfy increased demand, we will need to quickly
scale operations in our Union City facility as well as scale our supply chain including access to batteries. Our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected if we experience disruptions in our supply chain, if we cannot
obtain materials of sufficient quality at reasonable prices or if we are unable to scale our Union City facility. 
 We depend upon key personnel and
need additional personnel. 
 Our success depends on the continuing
services of Stephen Burns, CEO, and Martin J. Rucidlo, President. On December 8, 2010, we entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Burns for a term of two years which automatically renews for one year periods unless either of the parties elects to not
renew for such period.  Mr. Rucidlo is not engaged under a long-term employment agreement. The loss of any of these individuals
could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations.  Additionally, the success of our operations will
largely depend upon its ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management personnel.  As
with any company with limited resources, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to attract such individuals or that the
presence of such individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for our company.  Our inability to attract
and retain key personnel may materially and adversely affect our business operations. Any failure by our management to effectively
anticipate, implement, and manage the changes required to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We face competition. A few of our
competitors have greater financial or other resources, longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we do and one
or more of these competitors could use their greater resources and/or name recognition to gain market share at our expense or could
make it very difficult for us to establish market share. 
 Companies currently competing in the
fleet logistics market offering alternative fuel medium duty trucks include Ford Motor Company and Freightliner. In the electric
medium duty truck market in the United States, we compete with a few other manufacturers, including Electric Vehicles International
and Smith Electric Vehicles. Ford and Freightliner have more significant financial resources, established market positions, long-standing
relationships with customers and dealers, and who have more significant name recognition, technical, marketing, sales, financial
and other resources than we do.  Ford and Freightliner are currently selling alternative fuel fleet vehicles including
hybrids.  The resources available to our competitors to develop new products and introduce them into the marketplace exceed
the resources currently available to us.  As a result, our competitors may be able to compete more aggressively and sustain
that competition over a longer period of time that we can.  This intense competitive environment may require us to make
changes in our products, pricing, licensing, services, distribution, or marketing to develop a market position.  Each
of these competitors has the potential to capture market share in our target markets which could have an adverse effect on our
position in our industry and on our business and operating results. 
 If we are unable to keep up with
advances in electric vehicle technology, we may suffer a decline in our competitive position. 
 There are companies in the electric
vehicle industry that have developed or are developing vehicles and technologies that compete or will compete with our vehicles.  We
cannot assure that our competitors will not be able to duplicate our technology or provide products and services similar to ours
more efficiently.  If for any reason we are unable to keep pace with changes in electric vehicle technology, particularly
battery technology, our competitive position may be adversely affected.  We plan to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and
introduce new models in order to continue to provide electric vehicles that incorporate the latest technology.  However,
there is no assurance that our research and development efforts will keep pace with those of our competitors. 
 Our electric vehicles compete for
market share with vehicles powered by other vehicle technologies that may prove to be more attractive than ours. 
 Our target market currently is serviced
by manufacturers with existing customers and suppliers using proven and widely accepted fuel technologies.  Additionally,
our competitors are working on developing technologies that may be introduced in our target market.  If any of these
alternative technology vehicles can provide lower fuel costs, greater efficiencies, greater reliability or otherwise benefit from
other factors resulting in an overall lower total cost of ownership, this may negatively affect the commercial success of our vehicles
or make our vehicles uncompetitive or obsolete. 
 We currently have a limited number
of customers, with whom we do not have long-term agreements, and expect that a significant portion of our future sales will be
from a limited number of customers and the loss of any of these high volume customers could materially harm our business. 
 A significant portion of our projected
future revenue, if any, is generated from a limited number of vehicle customers.  Additionally, much of our business
model is focused on building relationships with large customers.  Currently we have no contracts with customers that
include long-term commitments or minimum volumes that ensure future sales of vehicles.  As such, a customer may take
actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot anticipate or control, such as reasons related to the customer’s financial
condition, changes in the customer’s business strategy or operations or as the result of the perceived performance or cost-effectiveness
of our vehicles.  The loss of or a reduction in sales or anticipated sales to our most significant customers could have
an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Changes in the market for electric
vehicles could cause our products to become obsolete or lose popularity. 
 The modern electric vehicle industry
is in its infancy and has experienced substantial change in the last few years.  To date, demand for and interest in
electric vehicles has been slower than forecasted by industry experts.  As a result, growth in the electric vehicle industry
depends on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 We cannot assume that growth in the
electric vehicle industry will continue.  Our business may suffer if the electric vehicle industry does not grow or grows
more slowly than it has in recent years or if we are unable to maintain the pace of industry demands. 
 The unavailability, reduction, elimination
or adverse application of government subsidies, incentives and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results. 
 We believe that, currently, the availability
of government subsidies and incentives including those available in New York, California and Chicago is an important factor considered
by our customers when purchasing our vehicles, and that our growth depends in part on the availability and amounts of these subsidies
and incentives.  Any reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of government subsidies and incentives because
of budgetary challenges, policy changes, the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the perceived success of electric
vehicles or other reasons may result in the diminished price competitiveness of the alternative fuel vehicle industry. 
 We may be unable to keep up with
changes in electric vehicle technology and, as a result, may suffer a decline in our competitive position. 
 Our current products are designed for
use with, and are dependent upon, existing electric vehicle technology.  As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or
adapt our products in order to continue to provide products with the latest technology.  However, our products may become
obsolete or our research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to changes in or to create the necessary technology.  As
a result, our potential inability to adapt and develop the necessary technology may harm our competitive position. 
 The failure of certain key suppliers
to provide us with components could have a severe and negative impact upon our business. 
 We have secured supply agreements for
our critical components including our batteries. However, these are dependent on volume to ensure that they are available at a
competitive price. Further, we rely on a small group of suppliers to provide us with components for our products.  If
these suppliers become unwilling or unable to provide components or if we are unable to meet certain volume requirements in our
existing supply agreements, there are a limited number of alternative suppliers who could provide them.  Changes in business
conditions, wars, governmental changes, and other factors beyond our control or which we do not presently anticipate could affect
our ability to receive components from our suppliers.  Further, it could be difficult to find replacement components
if our current suppliers fail to provide the parts needed for these products.  A failure by our major suppliers to provide
these components could severely restrict our ability to manufacture our products and prevent us from fulfilling customer orders
in a timely fashion. 
 Product liability or other claims
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The risk of product liability claims,
product recalls, and associated adverse publicity is inherent in the manufacturing, marketing, and sale of electrical vehicles.  Although
we have product liability insurance for our consumer and commercial products, that insurance may be inadequate to cover all potential
product claims.  We also carry liability insurance on our products.  Any product recall or lawsuit seeking
significant monetary damages either in excess of our coverage, or outside of our coverage, may have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial condition.  We may not be able to secure additional product liability insurance coverage on
acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed.  A successful product liability claim against us could require us
to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product recall could generate substantial negative publicity about our products
and business and inhibit or prevent commercialization of other future product candidates.  We cannot provide assurance
that such claims and/or recalls will not be made in the future. 
 We may have to devote substantial
resources to implementing a retail product distribution network. 
 Dealers are often hesitant to provide
their own financing to contribute to our product distribution network.  As a result, we anticipate that we may have to
provide financing or other consignment sale arrangements for dealers.  A capital investment such as this presents many
risks, foremost among them being that we may not realize a significant return on our investment if the network is not profitable.  Our
inability to collect receivables from dealers could cause us to suffer losses.  Lastly, the amount of time that our management
will need to devote to this project may divert them from performing other functions necessary to assure the success of our business. 
 Regulatory requirements may have
a negative impact upon our business. 
 While our vehicles are subject to substantial
regulation under federal, state, and local laws, we believe that our vehicles are or will be materially in compliance with all
applicable laws.  However, to the extent the laws change, or if we introduce new vehicles in the future, some or all
of our vehicles may not comply with applicable federal, state, or local laws.  Further, certain federal, state, and local
laws and industrial standards currently regulate electrical and electronics equipment.  Although standards for electric
vehicles are not yet generally available or accepted as industry standards, our products may become subject to federal, state,
and local regulation in the future.  Compliance with these regulations could be burdensome, time consuming, and expensive. 
 Our products are subject to environmental
and safety compliance with various federal and state regulations, including regulations promulgated by the EPA, NHTSA, and various
state boards, and compliance certification is required for each new model year.  The cost of these compliance activities
and the delays and risks associated with obtaining approval can be substantial.  The risks, delays, and expenses incurred
in connection with such compliance could be substantial. 
 Our success may be dependent on protecting
our intellectual property rights. 
 We rely on trade secret protections
to protect our proprietary technology as well as several registered patents and one patent application. Our patents relate to the
vehicle chassis assembly, vehicle header and drive module and manifold for electric motor drive assembly. Our existing patent application
relates to the onboard generator drive system for electric vehicles.  Our success will, in part, depend on our ability
to obtain additional trademarks and patents.  We are working on obtaining patents and trademarks registered with the
United States Patent and Trademark Office but have not finalized any as of this date.  Although we have entered into
confidentiality agreements with our employees and consultants, we cannot be certain that others will not gain access to these trade
secrets.  Others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise
gain access to our trade secrets. 
 We may be exposed to liability for
infringing upon the intellectual property rights of other companies. 
 Our success will, in part, depend on
our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others.  Although we have conducted searches and
are not aware of any patents and trademarks which our products or their use might infringe, we cannot be certain that infringement
has not or will not occur.  We could incur substantial costs, in addition to the great amount of time lost, in defending
any patent or trademark infringement suits or in asserting any patent or trademark rights, in a suit with another party. 
 Our electric vehicles make use of
lithium-ion battery cells, which, if not appropriately managed and controlled, on rare occasions have been observed to catch fire
or vent smoke and flames.  If such events occur in our electric vehicles, we could face liability for damage or injury,
adverse publicity and a potential safety recall, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. 
 The battery packs in our electric vehicles
use lithium-ion cells, which have been used for years in laptop computers and cell phones.  On rare occasions, if not
appropriately managed and controlled, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames
in a manner that can ignite nearby materials. 
 Our facilities could be damaged or
adversely affected as a result of disasters or other unpredictable events.  Any prolonged disruption in the operations
of our facility would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We engineer and assemble our electric
vehicles in a facility in Loveland, Ohio and we intend to locate the assembly function to our facility in Union City. Any prolonged
disruption in the operations of our facility, whether due to technical, information systems, communication networks, accidents,
weather conditions or other natural disaster, or otherwise, whether short or long-term, would adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not
anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings,
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting the company at such time as the board of directors may consider
relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on investment will only occur due
to stock price appreciation. 
 Our stock price and trading volume may be volatile, which could
result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 
 The equity trading markets may experience periods of volatility,
which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity securities. The market price of our common stock could
change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, our industry or our operating performance and financial condition.
In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. We have experienced
significant volatility in the price of our stock. We cannot assure that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate
or decline significantly in the future. In addition, the stock markets in general can experience considerable price and volume
fluctuations. 
 We have not voluntary implemented various corporate governance
measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflict
of interest and similar matters. 
 Recent Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate
management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have
been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ, on
which their securities are listed. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of Sarbanes Oxley measures in formulating
their investment decisions. 
 We may be exposed to potential risks relating
to our internal controls over financial reporting and our ability to have those controls attested to by our independent auditors. 
 As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("SOX
404"), the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules requiring smaller reporting companies, such as our company, to
include a report of management on the company's internal controls over financial reporting in their annual reports for fiscal years
ending on or after December 15, 2007. We were required to include the management report in annual reports starting with the year
ending December 31, 2009. Previous SEC rules required a non-accelerated filer to include an attestation report in its annual report
for years ending on or after June 15, 2010. Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Act added SOX Section 404(c) to exempt from the attestation
requirement smaller issuers that are neither accelerated filers nor large accelerated filers under Rule 12b-2. Under Rule 12b-2,
subject to periodic and annual reporting criteria, an “accelerated filer” is an issuer with market value of $75 million,
but less than $700 million; a “large accelerated filer” is an issuer with market value of $700 million or greater.
As a result, the exemption effectively applies to companies with less than $75 million in market capitalization. 
 The trading of our common stock is limited under the SEC’s
penny stock regulations, which will adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. 
 The trading price of our common stock is currently less than $5.00
per share and, as a result, our common stock is considered a "penny stock”, and trading in our common stock would be
subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend low-priced securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special sales practice requirements. Generally,
the broker/dealer must make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written
consent prior to the transaction. 
 SEC regulations also require additional disclosure in connection
with any trades involving a "penny stock," including the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and its associated risks. These requirements severely limit the liquidity of securities
in the secondary market because few broker or dealers are likely to undertake these compliance activities. In addition to the applicability
of the penny stock rules, other risks associated with trading in penny stocks could also be price fluctuations and the lack of
a liquid market. An active and liquid market in our common stock may never develop due to these factors.