
An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, before making a decision
to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may
be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part
of your investment. 
 For risk factors related to the Business Combination, see the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
initially filed by DEAC Nevada on January 6, 2020. 
 We are a recently
formed blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective. 
 We are a recently formed
blank check company established under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we will not commence operations
until obtaining funding through the Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or
understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our business
combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 Our public stockholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business
combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 
 We may choose not to
hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval
under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement,
the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell
their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such
as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval.
Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our common stock do not approve
of the business combination we complete. 
 Your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem
your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 
 You will not be provided
with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may
complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time
(which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we
describe our initial business combination. 
 The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their
shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 
 We may seek to enter
into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be
able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore,
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon
consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees
and commissions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC penny
stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination or such greater
amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business
combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and,
thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 
 The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure. 
 At the time we enter
into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights,
and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the
Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted
for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash
in the Trust Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity
issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to
complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 
 The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 
 If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to
have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we
liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption
rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 
 The requirement
that we complete our initial business combination by May 14, 2021 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets,
in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination
on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 
 Any potential
target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination by May 14, 2021. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in
negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular
target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will
increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence
and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
by May 14, 2021, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public
shares and liquidate. 
 We may not be able
to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by May 14, 2021. If we have not completed our
initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to fund our working capital requirements (subject to an annual limit of 
 $250,000) (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
 rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase
shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the
public “float” of our Class A common stock. 
 If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein,
they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. 
 In the event that
our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would
be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote
such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business
combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The
purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants
on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases
of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 
 In addition, if such
purchases are made, the public 
 float 
 of our Class
A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult
to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 If a public stockholder fails to receive notice of our
offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 
 We will comply
with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy
materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with
our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender
or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their
redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in 
 street name, 
 to, at the holders option, either
deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior
to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this
date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In
addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking
redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior
to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to
comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not
be redeemed. 
 You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be
forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business
combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem,
subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 14, 2021 or with respect to any other material
provisions relating to stockholders 
 rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by May 14, 2021, subject
to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete
an initial business combination by May 14, 2021 is not completed for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that
we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in
our Trust Account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond May 14, 2021
before they receive funds from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the Trust Account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants,
potentially at a loss. 
 Nasdaq may delist
our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 Our units, Class A
common stock and warrants are
listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”). In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our
initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain
a minimum amount in stockholders 
 equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of
holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we
will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq's initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than Nasdaq's continued listing requirements, in order to continue
to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00
per share and our stockholder's equity would generally be required to be at least $5.0
million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 
 If Nasdaq delists
our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange,
we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 a determination that our Class A common stock is a 
 penny
stock 
 which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more
stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as 
 covered securities. 
 Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, and, as a result, are “covered securities.”
Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or
bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit
or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators
view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities
of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of many other blank check companies. 
 Since the net proceeds
of the Public Offering and the Private Placement are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target
business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a 
 blank check 
 company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 
 $5,000,000
and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules
promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded
the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that we will have a longer period of time to complete
our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that
rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds
in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 20% of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess
of 20% of our Class A common stock. 
 If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Charter provides that a public stockholder, together
with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a 
 group 
 (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than
an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the 
 Excess
Shares. 
 However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
 ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer
a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue
to hold that number of shares exceeding 20% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open
market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only an estimated $10.00 per
share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We expect to encounter
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals
or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types
of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in
identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge
than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While
we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the
Private Placement, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be
limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares
for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies
will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only an estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our
warrants will expire worthless. 
 If the net proceeds of the Public Offering not being held
in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until May 14, 2021, it could limit the amount available to fund our
search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our
sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 
 The funds available
to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until May 14, 2021, assuming that our initial business
combination is not completed during that time. We cannot assure you that we will have enough funds available to to us outside of
the Trust Account to allow us to operate until at least May 14, 2021; however,
we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available
to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as
a down payment or to fund a 
 no-shop 
 provision
(a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from 
 shopping 
 around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement
where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds
(whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due
diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 If we are required
to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or
may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account
or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust
Account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose
some or all of your investment. 
 Even if we conduct
extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all
material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues
through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not
later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations,
or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies
certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary
risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that
we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges
of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing
debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination
or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach
by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring
a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00
per share. 
 Our placing of funds
in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to
a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it
and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third
party's engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 
 Examples of
possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other
consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to
execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the
future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our
initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by
public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such
creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of 
 (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per
public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not
apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of
the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”). However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and we believe that our sponsor 
 s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims
were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business
combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None
of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. 
 Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to
our public stockholders. 
 In the event that
the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of 
 (i) $10.00 per share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in
each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on
our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account
available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. 
 We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification
claims of our directors and executive officers. 
 We have agreed to
indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to
waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only
if 
 (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial
business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder 
 s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive
damages. 
 If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a 
 preferential transfer 
 or a 
 fraudulent conveyance. 
 As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed
as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the
Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 If, before distributing
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 
 restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 
 restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete
our business combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
requirements, including: 
 registration as an investment company with the SEC; 
 adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 
 reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations
that we are not subject to. 
 In order not to be
regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that
we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not
include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading 
 investment securities 
 constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our
business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets
for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan
to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 We do not
believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the
Trust Account may only be invested in United States 
 government securities 
 within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities
or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at
acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant
bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an 
 investment
company 
 within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Trust Account is
intended as a holding place for funds pending the earlier to occur of either: (i) the completion of our primary business
objective, which is a business combination; or (ii) absent a business combination within 24 months from the closing of the
Public Offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders 
 rights or pre-initial business combination activity, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public
stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may
hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders may receive only an estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to
laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain
SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 
 Our stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination by May 14, 2021 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating
distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder 
 s pro rata share of the claim
or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary
of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following May 14, 2021
in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing
procedures. 
 Because we do not
comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years
following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations
are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors
(such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section
281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder's
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be
barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be
potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in
the event we do not complete our initial business combination by May 14, 2021 is not considered a liquidating distribution under
Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings
that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the
statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three
years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 
 We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until
after the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 n
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to
hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such
election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new
directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section
211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an
application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 
 You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless
we register and qualify the underlying Class A common stock or certain exemptions are available. 
 If the issuance of
the Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification
under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants
and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase
of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. 
 We have not registered
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws.
However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to file a registration statement covering
such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the
information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference
therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 
 If the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant
agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be
required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 
 In no event will warrants
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise
their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the
state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. 
 If our shares of Class
A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy
the definition of 
 covered securities 
 under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants
to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify
the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our
best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an
exemption is not available. 
 In no event will we
be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other
compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 
 You may only be able to exercise your public warrants
on a “cashless basis” under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common
stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 
 The warrant
agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be
permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under
the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the shares of Class
A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of 
 covered securities 
 under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption.
If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the
warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the 
 fair
market value 
 of our shares of Class A common stock (as defined in the next sentence)
over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The 
 fair
market value 
 is the average reported closing price of the shares of Class A common
stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received
by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you
would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for
cash. 
 The grant of registration rights
to our initial stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business
combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock. 
 Pursuant to an agreement
entered into concurrently with the Public Offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we
register the shares of Class A common stock into which Founder Shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the private placement warrants and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration
rights will be exercisable with respect to the Founder Shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability
of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our
Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly
or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the
combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock
that is expected when the shares of common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or
holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 
 Because we are not limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will
be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. 
 We will seek to
complete a business combination with an operating company in the media or entertainment industries, but may also pursue
acquisition opportunities in other sectors, except that we will not, under our Charter, be permitted to effectuate our
business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet
selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the
possible merits or risks of any particular target business 
 s operations, results of
operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if
we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity.
Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot
assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time
to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to
control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an
investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain
stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to
successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 
 Past performance by our management team and their affiliates
may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 
 Information regarding
performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational
purposes only. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should
not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team's or businesses
associated with them as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate
going forward. 
 We may seek business combination opportunities in industries
or sectors that may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise. 
 We will consider a
business combination outside of our management's areas of expertise if a business combination
candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our
company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate,
we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. 
 Although we identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business
combination with a target does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 
 Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which
we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business
combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only an estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We are not required
to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from
an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. 
 Unless we complete
our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm
or independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from
a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will
be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 We may issue additional shares
of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee
incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon
the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a
result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Charter. Any such issuances
would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 
 Our Charter
authorizes the issuance of up to 380,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares
of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share.
There are 340,000,000 and 10,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock,
respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of
outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock is
automatically convertible into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, initially at a
one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding. 
 We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A
common stock to redeem the warrants at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our Charter provides,
among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the
holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial
business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Charter to (x) extend the
time we have to consummate a business combination beyond May 14, 2021 or (y) amend the foregoing
provisions. These provisions of our Charter, like all provisions of our Charter, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock
or shares of preferred stock: 
 may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering; 
 may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are
issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; 
 could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock is issued,
which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the
resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 
 may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured
special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue
certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 
 The Founder
Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the
consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case
that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our
initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares
will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding
after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders),
including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise
of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or
rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the
initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion
of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.
This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies in which the initial
stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20% of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial
business combination. 
 Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only an estimated
$10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We anticipate that
the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure
documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys
and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed
transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may
fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event
will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only an estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors
and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 
 Our operations are
dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying
potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man
insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our
directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 Our ability to
successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our
key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the
target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business
in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management
of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time
and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 Our key personnel
may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause
them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 
 Our key personnel
may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive
compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of
the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in
identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. However, we believe the
ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining
factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty,
however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure
you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to
whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 We may have a limited
ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination
with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 
 When evaluating the
desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target
business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities
laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable
material misstatement or material omission. 
 The officers and
directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination
target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 The role of an acquisition
candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition
candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate
will not wish to remain in place. 
 Our executive officers
and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how
much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 
 Our executive officers
and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not
intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers
are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers
and board members for other entities. If our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them
to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability
to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 Our officers and
directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 Until we
consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or
more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to
present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to
which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a
potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our Charter provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or
officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of
the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without
violating another legal obligation. 
 Our executive officers,
directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 
 We have not adopted
a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party
or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor,
our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such
persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities
may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and
completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting
a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a
particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be
a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such
individuals for infringing on our stockholders’ rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may
make against them for such reason. 
 We may engage in
a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our
sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 
 In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for
other entities.
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently
aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated,
and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we
will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction
if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm regarding the
fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses
affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist
and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be
absent any conflicts of interest. 
 Since our Sponsor,
executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict
of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 
 On March 28,
2019, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,062,500 Founder Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 
$25,000, or approximately $0.002 per share. On April 10, 2019, our Sponsor transferred 4,930,625 Founder Shares to Harry E.
Sloan for a purchase price of  $12,250 (the same per-share price initially paid by our Sponsor), resulting in our
Sponsor holding 5,131,875 Founder Shares. In connection with the underwriters’ partial exercise of their over-allotment
option, on May 14, 2019, our Sponsor and Mr. Sloan surrendered an aggregate of 62,500 Founder Shares (consisting of 31,875 by
our Sponsor and 30,625 by Mr. Sloan) for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor holding 5,100,000 Founder Shares and Mr.
Sloan holding 4,900,000 Founder Shares. On December 31, 2019, our Sponsor transferred 20,000 Founder Shares to each of our
independent directors, resulting in our Sponsor holding 5,020,000 Founder Shares for  the same per-share purchase price
initially paid by our Sponsor. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In
addition, our Sponsor and Harry E. Sloan have purchased an aggregate of 6,333,334 private placement warrants, each
exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$9,500,000, or  $1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination.
On December 31, 2019, our Sponsor transferred 66,666 private placement warrants to Scott Delman and 133,333 private placement
warrants to each of Joshua Kazam and Fredric Rosen for the same per-warrant purchase price initially paid by our Sponsor. The
personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the
business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the
closing of the Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 
 We may issue notes
or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our
leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. 
 Although we have no
commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur
outstanding debt following the Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination.
We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect
the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety
of negative effects, including: 
 default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 
 ​acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal
and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves
without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 
 ​our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable
on demand; 
 ​our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 
 our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 
 ​using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt,
which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions
and other general corporate purposes; 
 ​limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and
in the industry in which we operate; 
 ​increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive
conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 
 limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
have less debt. 
 We may only be
able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, which will cause
us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 The net proceeds from
the Public Offering and the Private Placement will provide us with $386,000,000 that we may use to complete our initial business
combination (excluding the $14,000,000, deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account). 
 We may effectuate
our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period
of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of
various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as
if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not
be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other
entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of
a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 
 solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 
 ​dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products,
processes or services. 
 ​This lack of
diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 
 We may attempt
to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our
initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 If we determine to
simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that
our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more
difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due
diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of
the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 
 We may attempt
to complete our business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a
business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business
combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable
as we suspected, if at all. 
 Our management
may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that,
upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 
 We may structure a
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of
the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will
not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post
business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we
could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of
the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of
the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction
could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s
shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our
control of the target business. 
 We do not have
a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our
initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders or warrant holders do not agree. 
 Our Charter does
not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and
after payment of deferred underwriters’ commissions (such that we do not then become subject to the SEC’s
 “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement
relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even
though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our
initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell
their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash
consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the
aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection
with such initial business combination, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 In order to effectuate
an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of
their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek
to amend our Charter or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for
us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. 
 In order to effectuate
a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended
the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business
combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash
and/or other securities. Amending our Charter will require the approval of holders of
65% of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50% of the public warrants
and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement
with respect to the private placement warrants, 50% of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition,
our Charter requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Charter to modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination
by May 14, 2021. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Charter or governing
instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 
 The provisions
of our Charter that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding
provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders
of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Charter to facilitate the completion
of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 
 Our Charter
provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts
except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be
amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust
agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common
stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our Charter may be amended by holders of a majority of our
outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange
rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own approximately 20% of our common stock, may participate in
any vote to amend our Charter and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a
result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Charter which govern our
pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase
our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us
for any breach of our Charter. 
 Our Sponsor,
executive officers, directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering or with respect to any other
material provisions relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to fund our working capital requirements
(subject to an annual limit of  $250,000) and/or to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not
have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to
applicable law. 
 Certain agreements
related to the Public Offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 
 Each of the agreements
related to the Public Offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement,
may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and
our initial stockholders, Sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders;
the private placement warrants purchase agreement among us, our Sponsor and Mr. Sloan; and the administrative services agreement
among us, our Sponsor and an affiliate of our Sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders
might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions
with respect to the Founder Shares, private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial stockholders, Sponsor,
officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need
to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business
combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial
business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary
duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation
of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related
to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a
filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our
initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment
in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling
their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 
 We may be unable
to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may receive only an estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 
 Although we
believe that the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement will be sufficient to allow us to complete our
initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any specific target business we cannot ascertain the capital
requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement prove to be
insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in
search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in
connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed
business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current
economic environment has made it especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that
additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled
to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business
candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only an
estimated $10.00 per share on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need
additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or
growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the
continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to
provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 
 Our initial stockholders
control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support. 
 Our initial stockholders
own 20% of our issued and outstanding common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a
stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our Charter. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of Class A common stock, this would increase their
control. Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to
purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional
purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors,
whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a
terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors
will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence
of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and
our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly,
our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 
 We may amend the
terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least
50% of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
all without your approval. 
 Our warrants were issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us.
The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend
the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants
approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50% of the
then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase
the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten
the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 A provision of
our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 
 Unlike most blank check
companies, if  (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of our business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share
of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder
Shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 50% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our
initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading
day period starting on the trading day after the day on which we consummate our business combination (such price, the “Market
Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
115% of the Market Value, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 180% of the Market Value. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination with a target
business. 
 We may redeem your
unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 
 We have the ability
to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of  $0.01
per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day
period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify
the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force
you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so,
(ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the
nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less
than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us for cash so long as they
are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 
 In addition, we may
redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption
date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants
are “out-of-the-money,” in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the
value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. 
 Our warrants may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business
combination. 
 We issued warrants
to purchase 13,333,333 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units sold in the Public Offering, and, simultaneously
with the closing of the Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 6,333,334 private placement warrants,
each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. In addition, if our Sponsor or an affiliate
of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into
up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of $1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue common
stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class
A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants,
when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class
A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a
business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 
 The private placement
warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by
their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis. 
 Because we must
furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 
 The federal proxy rules
require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial
statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether
or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), or international
financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”), depending on the
circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”). These financial statement requirements may limit the
pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time
for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. 
 We are an
emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other
public companies. 
 We are an “emerging
growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain
information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could
cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
$700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following
December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our
securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out
of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 Additionally, we are
a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded$100 million during such
completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June
30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements
with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 Compliance obligations
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our business combination, require substantial financial
and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 
 Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2020. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public
accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an
emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which
we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 
 Provisions in our
Charter and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of Class A common stock and could entrench management. 
 Our Charter
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best
interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the
terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 We are also subject
to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may
make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 Provisions in our
Charter and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors
and officers. 
 Our Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or
employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Charter or bylaws, or
(iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may
be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and
the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination),
(B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court
of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court
of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in
the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is
enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Notwithstanding the
foregoing, our Charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to
suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us
by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision
may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 Cyber incidents
or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 We depend on digital
technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties
with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the
systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against,
or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination
of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 
 If we effect our
initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may adversely affect us. 
 If we effect a business
combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in the target business’s home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 
 costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 
 ​rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 
 ​complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 
 ​laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 
 ​exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 
 ​tariffs and trade barriers; 
 ​regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 
 ​local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 ​challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 
 ​longer payment cycles; 
 ​tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United
States; 
 ​currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 
 ​rates of inflation; 
 ​challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 
 ​cultural and language differences; 
 ​employment regulations; 
 ​underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 
 ​corruption; 
 ​protection of intellectual property; 
 ​social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 
 ​regime changes and political upheaval; 
 ​terrorist attacks and wars; and 
 ​deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 ​We may not be
able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, either of which may
adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 