Our business is subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business. If any such risks and uncertainties
actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or
that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. The risk factors described below should be read together with the other information set forth in this Annual
Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with
the SEC. 
 Summary of the Material Risks Associated with Our Business 
 These risks include, but are not limited
to, the following: 
 Competition within the global entertainment and gaming industries
is intense and our existing and potential users may be attracted to competing forms of entertainment such as television, movies
and sporting events, as well as other entertainment and gaming options on the Internet. If our offerings do not continue to be
popular, our business could be harmed. 
 Reductions
                                         in discretionary consumer spending could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
                                         condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our
                                         projections are subject to significant risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties,
                                         including assumptions regarding future legislation and changes in regulations, both inside
                                         and outside of the United States. As a result, our projected revenues, market share,
                                         expenses and profitability may differ materially from our expectations. 
 The
                                         success, including win or hold rates, of existing or future sports betting and iGaming
                                         products depends on a variety of factors and is not completely controlled by us. 
 We rely on information technology and other systems and services,
and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions in our systems or services could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us
to liability, disrupt our business, affect our ability to scale our technical infrastructure and adversely affect our operating
results and growth prospects. Our games and other software applications and systems, and the third-party platforms upon which they
are made available could contain undetected errors. 
 We
                                         rely on other third-party sports data providers for real-time and accurate data for sporting
                                         events, and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships
                                         with us, our costs may increase and our business, financial condition and results of
                                         operations could be adversely affected. 
 If
                                         Internet and other technology-based service providers experience service interruptions,
                                         our ability to conduct our business may be impaired and our business, financial condition
                                         and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We
                                         rely on strategic relationships with casinos, tribes and horse-tracks in order to be
                                         able to offer our products in certain jurisdictions. If we cannot establish and manage
                                         such relationships with such partners, our business, financial condition and results
                                         of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our growth prospects may suffer if we are unable to develop
successful offerings or if we fail to pursue additional offerings. In addition, if we fail to make the right investment decisions
in our offerings and technology, we may not attract and retain key users and our revenue and results of operations may decline. 
 Our
                                         business model depends upon the continued compatibility between our app and the major
                                         mobile operating systems and upon third-party platforms for the distribution of our product
                                         offerings. If Google Play or the Apple App Store prevent users from downloading our apps
                                         or block advertising from being delivered to our users, our ability to grow our revenue,
                                         profitability and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 We
                                         may invest in or acquire other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable
                                         to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our company or otherwise manage the
                                         growth associated with multiple acquisitions. 
 Our
                                         business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled
                                         and still developing and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.
                                         Any change in existing regulations or their interpretation, or the regulatory climate
                                         applicable to our products and services, or changes in tax rules and regulations
                                         or interpretation thereof related to our products and services, could adversely impact
                                         our ability to operate our business as currently conducted or as we seek to operate in
                                         the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
                                         results of operations. 
 Our growth prospects depend on the legal status of real-money
gaming in various jurisdictions, predominantly within the United States, and legalization may not occur in as many states as we
expect, or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate. Additionally, even if jurisdictions legalize real money gaming, this
may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions and/or taxes that make it impracticable or less attractive to operate
in those jurisdictions, or the process of implementing regulations or securing the necessary licenses to operate in a particular
jurisdiction may take longer than we anticipate, which could adversely affect our future results of operations and make it more
difficult to meet our expectations for financial performance. 
 Our
                                         growth prospects and market potential will depend on our ability to obtain licenses to
                                         operate in a number of jurisdictions and if we fail to obtain and subsequently maintain
                                         such licenses our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
                                         could be impaired. 
 We
                                         have been, and continue to be, the subject of governmental investigations and inquiries
                                         with respect to the operation of our businesses and we could be subject to future governmental
                                         investigations and inquiries, legal proceedings and enforcement actions. Any such investigation,
                                         inquiry, proceeding or action, could adversely affect our business. 
 Negative
                                         events or negative media coverage relating to, or a declining popularity of, daily fantasy
                                         sports, sports betting, the underlying sports or athletes, online sports betting or iGaming
                                         in particular, or other negative coverage may adversely impact our ability to retain
                                         or attract users, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to taxation in a number of jurisdictions and changes
in, or new interpretations of, tax laws, tax rulings or their application by tax authorities could result in additional tax liabilities
and could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are also subject to periodic audits and examinations
by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), as well as state and local taxing authorities, the results of which may
materially impact our financial statements in the period in which the audit or examination occurs. 
 While
                                         we work to integrate the DraftKings and SBT businesses and operations, management’s
                                         focus and resources may be diverted from operational matters and other strategic opportunities. 
 Although we expect that the Business Combination will produce
substantial synergies, the integration of the two companies, incorporated in different countries, with geographically dispersed
operations, and with different business cultures and compensation structures, presents management challenges. There can be no assurance
that this integration, and the synergies expected to result from that integration, will be achieved as rapidly or to the extent
currently anticipated. 
 Our
                                         business now includes a B2B business model, primarily in international jurisdictions,
                                         which business depends on the underlying financial performance of our direct operators
                                         and its resellers. As a material part of SBT’s revenue is currently generated through
                                         resellers and direct sales to operators, a decline in such resellers’ or direct
                                         operators’ financial performance or a termination of some or all of the agreements
                                         with such resellers or operators could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 SBT’s
                                         business, which includes significant international operations, is likely to expose us
                                         to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. As a result, changes in the valuation
                                         of the U.S. dollar in relation to other currencies could have positive or negative effects
                                         on our profit and financial position. 
 The
                                         trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and will likely continue to
                                         be, volatile and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Because
                                         we are a “controlled company” under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards,
                                         our stockholders may not have certain corporate governance protections that are available
                                         to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. 
 Our
                                         dual class structure has the effect of concentrating voting power with our Chief Executive
                                         Officer and Co-Founder, which limits an investor’s ability to influence the outcome
                                         of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 The summary risk
factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below and in the other information set
forth in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents
that we file with the SEC. If any such risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not
the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial
may also materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 Competition within the global entertainment
and gaming industries is intense and our existing and potential users may be attracted to competing forms of entertainment such
as television, movies and sporting events, as well as other entertainment and gaming options on the Internet. If our offerings
do not continue to be popular, our business could be harmed. 
 We operate in the global entertainment and gaming industries
with our business-to-consumer offerings such as DFS, Sportsbook and iGaming, and our business-to-business offerings. Our users
face a vast array of entertainment choices. Other forms of entertainment, such as television, movies, sporting events and in-person
casinos, are more well established and may be perceived by our users to offer greater variety, affordability, interactivity and
enjoyment. We compete with these other forms of entertainment for the discretionary time and income of our users. If we are unable
to sustain sufficient interest in our recently launched sports betting and iGaming offerings in comparison to other forms of entertainment,
including new forms of entertainment, our business model may not continue to be viable. 
 The specific industries
in which we operate are characterized by dynamic customer demand and technological advances, and there is intense competition
among online gaming and entertainment providers. A number of established, well-financed companies producing online gaming and/or
interactive entertainment products and services compete with our offerings, and other well-capitalized companies may introduce
competitive services. Such competitors may spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake
more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially
successful products or services than ours, which could negatively impact our business. Our competitors may also develop products,
features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance. Such competitors may also undertake
more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies.
Furthermore, new competitors, whether licensed or not, may enter the iGaming industry. There has also been considerable consolidation
among competitors in the entertainment and gaming industries and such consolidation and future consolidation could result in the
formation of larger competitors with increased financial resources and altered cost structures, which may enable them to offer
more competitive products, gain a larger market share, expand offerings and broaden their geographic scope of operations. If we
are not able to maintain or improve our market share, or if our offerings do not continue to be popular, our business could suffer. 
 Economic downturns and political
and market conditions beyond our control could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial performance
is subject to global and U.S. economic conditions and their impact on levels of spending by users and advertisers. Economic recessions
have had, and may continue to have, far reaching adverse consequences across many industries, including the global entertainment
and gaming industries, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In the past decade, global and U.S. economies
have experienced tepid growth following the financial crisis in 2008 – 2009 and there appears to be an increasing risk of
a recession due to international trade and monetary policy, the global coronavirus pandemic and other changes. If the national
and international economic recovery slows or stalls, these economies experience another recession or any of the relevant regional
or local economies suffers a downturn, we may experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects. 
 In addition, changes
in general market, economic and political conditions in domestic and foreign economies or financial markets, including fluctuation
in stock markets resulting from, among other things, trends in the economy as a whole may reduce users’ disposable income
and advertisers’ budgets. Any one of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects. 
 Reductions in discretionary consumer
spending could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our business is particularly
sensitive to reductions from time to time in discretionary consumer spending. Demand for entertainment and leisure activities,
including gaming, can be affected by changes in the economy and consumer tastes, both of which are difficult to predict and beyond
our control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdowns, sustained high
levels of unemployment, and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions, may reduce
our users’ disposable income or result in fewer individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, such as daily
fantasy sports, sports betting and iGaming. As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our offerings will remain constant. Adverse
developments affecting economies throughout the world, including a general tightening of availability of credit, decreased liquidity
in certain financial markets, increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, increased energy costs, acts of war or
terrorism, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high levels of unemployment
or significant declines in stock markets, as well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics and the spread of contagious diseases,
could lead to a further reduction in discretionary spending on leisure activities, such as daily fantasy sports and gaming. 
 For
example, the outbreak of COVID-19, a virus originating in China causing potentially deadly respiratory tract infections, has negatively
affected economic conditions regionally as well as globally, and has caused a reduction in consumer spending. Efforts to
contain the effect of the virus have included travel restrictions and restrictions on public gatherings. Many businesses
have eliminated non-essential travel and canceled in-person events to reduce instances of employees and others being exposed to
large public gatherings, and state and local governments across the United States have restricted business activities and strongly
encouraged, instituted orders or otherwise restricted individuals from leaving their home. 
 The direct impact
on our business beyond disruptions in normal business operations in several of our offices has been primarily through the suspension,
postponement and cancellation of major sports and sporting events. Although many major sports seasons and sporting events
have recommenced in recent months, COVID-19 could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions and
trigger a period of continued global economic slowdown, especially in light of potential subsequent waves or new strains of the
virus. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate impact of COVID-19,
which remains a material uncertainty and risk with respect to DraftKings, our performance, and our financial results and could
adversely affect our financial results. In particular, these changes have reduced customers’ use of, and spending on,
our product offerings, and have caused us to issue refunds for canceled events, and some retail casinos where we have a branded
sportsbooks and DFS have reduced their capacity. Cancellation of March Madness, the delay in the MLB season, the truncated
NBA playoffs, and other events affected by COVID-19 has had an adverse impact on our revenue. Our revenue continues to depend
on major sports seasons and sporting events, and we may not generate as much revenue as we would have without the cancellation
or postponements in the wake of COVID-19. If a large number of our employees and/or a subset of our key employees and executives
are impacted by COVID-19, our ability to continue to operate effectively may be negatively impacted. The ultimate severity
of the coronavirus outbreak is uncertain at this time and therefore we cannot predict the full impact it may have on our end markets
and our operations; however, the effect on our results could be material and adverse. Any significant or prolonged decrease
in consumer spending on entertainment or leisure activities could adversely affect the demand for our offerings, reducing our cash
flows and revenues, and thereby materially harming our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may experience fluctuations in
our operating results, which make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below
expectations. 
 Our financial results
have fluctuated in the past and we expect our financial results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter in the future. These fluctuations
may be due to a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control and may not fully reflect the underlying performance
of our business. 
 Our financial results in any given quarter may be influenced
by numerous factors, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control, including the impact of seasonality
and our betting results, and the other risks and uncertainties set forth herein. In particular, our betting operations have significant
exposure to, and may be materially impacted by, sporting events and seasons, which can result in short-term volatility in betting
win margins and user engagement, thus impacting revenues. While we have been able to forecast revenues from our daily fantasy sports
business with greater precision than for new offerings, we cannot provide assurances that consumers will engage with our DFS offerings
on a consistent basis. Consumer engagement in our daily fantasy sports, sports betting and iGaming services may decline or fluctuate
as a result of a number of factors, including the popularity of the underlying sports, the user’s level of satisfaction with
our offerings, our ability to improve and innovate, our ability to adapt our offerings, outages and disruptions of online services,
the availability of live sporting events, the services offered by our competitors, our marketing and advertising efforts or declines
in consumer activity generally as a result of economic downturns, among others. Any decline or fluctuation in the recurring portion
of our business may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 In our iGaming product
offering, operator losses are limited per stake to a maximum payout. When looking at bets across a period of time, however, these
losses can potentially be significant. Our quarterly financial results may also fluctuate based on whether we may pay out any
jackpots to our iGaming users during the relevant quarter. As part of our iGaming offering, we may offer progressive jackpot games.
Each time a progressive jackpot game is played, a portion of the amount wagered by the user is contributed to the jackpot for
that specific game or group of games. Once a jackpot is won, the progressive jackpot is reset with a predetermined base amount.
While we maintain a provision for these progressive jackpots in the event we choose to offer them, the cost of the progressive
jackpot payout would be a cash outflow for our business in the period in which it is won with a potentially significant adverse
effect on our financial condition and cash flows. Because winning is underpinned by a random mechanism, we cannot predict with
absolute certainty when a jackpot will be won. In addition, we do not insure against random outcomes or jackpot wins. 
 Our projections are subject to significant
risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties, including assumptions regarding future legislation and changes in regulations,
both inside and outside of the United States. As a result, our projected revenues, market share, expenses and profitability may
differ materially from our expectations. 
 We operate in rapidly
changing and competitive industries and our projections are subject to the risks and assumptions made by management with respect
to our industries. Operating results are difficult to forecast because they generally depend on our assessment of the timing of
adoption of future legislation and regulations by different states, which are uncertain. Furthermore, if we invest in the development
of new products or distribution channels that do not achieve significant commercial success, whether because of competition or
otherwise, we may not recover the often substantial “up front” costs of developing and marketing those products and
distribution channels, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from other products
or distribution channels. 
 Additionally, as
described above under “— Reductions in discretionary consumer spending could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects,” our business may be affected by reductions in consumer spending
from time to time as a result of a number of factors which may be difficult to predict. This may result in decreased revenue levels,
and we may be unable to adopt measures in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in income. This inability
could cause our operating results in a given quarter to be higher or lower than expected. If actual results differ from our estimates,
analysts may react negatively and our stock price could be materially impacted. 
 We have a new business model, which
makes it difficult for us to forecast our financial results, creates uncertainty as to how investors will evaluate our prospects,
and increases the risk that we will not be successful. 
 DraftKings was incorporated in 2011 and began offering the DFS
products in 2012. DraftKings expanded from its DFS product offering to include Sportsbook and iGaming product offerings in 2018.
Following the consummation of the Business Combination, we have a new business model and new offerings, including sports betting
technology. Accordingly, it will be difficult for us to forecast our future financial results, and it will be uncertain how our
new business model will affect investors’ perceptions and expectations of our prospects. Additionally, as the only vertically
integrated U.S.-based sports betting and online gaming company, it may be difficult for investors to evaluate our business due
to the lack of similarly situated competitors. Furthermore, our new business model may not be successful. You should not rely upon
our historical financial results as indicators of our future financial performance, and our financial results and stock price may
be volatile. 
 DraftKings has a history of losses and we may continue
to incur losses in the future. 
 Since DraftKings
was incorporated in 2011, it has experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations. We experienced net losses of
$844.3 million and $142.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We may continue to experience
losses in the future, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve profitability. We may continue to incur significant losses
in future periods. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we expand our operations. Furthermore, as a public
company, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses that Old DK did not
incur as a private company. If our revenue does not grow at a greater rate than our expenses, we will not be able to achieve or
maintain profitability. We may incur significant losses in the future for many reasons, including those described in the other
risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, operating delays,
or other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our expenses exceed our revenue, our business may be
negatively impacted and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate
due to seasonality and other factors and, therefore, our periodic operating results will not be guarantees of future performance. 
 Our DFS and Sportsbook
operations may fluctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors. We believe that significant sporting events such as the playoffs
and championship games, tend to impact, among other things, revenues from operations, key metrics and customer activity, and as
such, DraftKings’ historical revenues generally have been highest in the fourth quarter when most of those games occur.
A majority of our current sports betting and DFS revenue is and will continue to be generated from bets placed on, or contests
relating to, the National Football League and the National Basketball Association, each of which have their own respective off-seasons,
which may cause decreases in our future revenues during such periods. Our revenues may also be affected by the scheduling of major
sporting events that do not occur annually, such as the World Cup, or the cancellation or postponement of sporting events and
races, such as the postponement of the 2020 Summer Olympic Games that were supposed to take place this past summer. In addition,
certain individuals or teams advancing or failing to advance and their scores and other results within specific tournaments, games
or events may impact our financial performance. 
 The success, including win or hold
rates, of existing or future sports betting and iGaming products depends on a variety of factors and is not completely controlled
by us. 
 The sports betting
and iGaming industries are characterized by an element of chance. Accordingly, we employ theoretical win rates to estimate what
a certain type of sports bet or iGame, on average, will win or lose in the long run. Net win is impacted by variations in the
hold percentage (the ratio of net win to total amount wagered), or actual outcome, on our iGames and sports betting we offer to
our users. We use the hold percentage as an indicator of an iGame’s or sports bet’s performance against its expected
outcome. Although each iGame or sports bet generally performs within a defined statistical range of outcomes, actual outcomes
may vary for any given period. In addition to the element of chance, win rates (hold percentages) may also (depending on the game
involved) be affected by the spread of limits and factors that are beyond our control, such as a user’s skill, experience
and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of users, the volume of bets placed and the amount of time spent
gambling. As a result of the variability in these factors, the actual win rates on our online iGames and sports bets may differ
from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the winnings of our iGame’s or sports bet’s users
exceeding those anticipated. The variability of win rates (hold rates) also have the potential to negatively impact our financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our success also depends
in part on our ability to anticipate and satisfy user preferences in a timely manner. As we will operate in a dynamic environment
characterized by rapidly changing industry and legal standards, our products will be subject to changing consumer preferences that
cannot be predicted with certainty. We will need to continually introduce new offerings and identify future product offerings that
complement our existing technology, respond to our users’ needs and improve and enhance our existing technology to maintain
or increase our user engagement and growth of our business. We may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection
keeps up with trends in the digital sports entertainment and gaming industries in which we compete, or trends in new gaming products. 
 We rely on information technology
and other systems and services, and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions in our systems or services could diminish our
brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business, affect our ability to scale our technical infrastructure and
adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. Our games and other software applications and systems, and the third-party
platforms upon which they are made available could contain undetected errors. 
 Our technology infrastructure
is critical to the performance of our offerings and to user satisfaction. We devote significant resources to network and data security
to protect our systems and data. However, our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy
to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We cannot assure you that the measures we take to
prevent or hinder cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data and user information and to prevent outages, data or information
loss, fraud and to prevent or detect security breaches, including a disaster recovery strategy for server and equipment failure
and back-office systems and the use of third parties for certain cybersecurity services, will provide absolute security. We have
experienced, and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety
of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. Such disruptions have not had
a material impact on us; however, future disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with
our computer systems and technological infrastructure, or those of third parties, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes,
each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Additionally, our
products may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent after their launch. If a
particular product offering is unavailable when users attempt to access it or navigation through our offerings is slower than they
expect, users may be unable to place their bets or set their line-ups in time and may be less likely to return to our products
and services as often, if at all. Furthermore, programming errors, defects and data corruption could disrupt our operations, adversely
affect the experience of our users, harm our reputation, cause our users to stop utilizing our offerings, divert our resources
and delay market acceptance of our offerings, any of which could result in legal liability to us or harm our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If our user base
and engagement continue to grow, and the amount and types of offerings continue to grow and evolve, we will need an increasing
amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our users’ needs.
Such infrastructure expansion may be complex, and unanticipated delays in completing these projects or availability of components
may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality
of our offerings. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases
of design and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software,
that could further degrade the user experience or increase our costs. As such, we could fail to continue to effectively scale
and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions,
delays or failures resulting from adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, cyber-attacks, public
health emergencies (such as the coronavirus) or other catastrophic events. 
 We believe that if our users have a negative experience with
our offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected, users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing
our products or to recommend our offerings to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service
could harm our reputation, business and operating results. 
 Despite our security measures, our
information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance
or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly
disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings,
liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, disruption of our operations
and the services we provide to users, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products and services, which could
adversely affect our business. 
 The secure maintenance and transmission of user information
is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit user information,
or those of service providers, business partners or employee information may be compromised by a malicious third- party penetration
of our network security, or that of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by intentional or unintentional
actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third- party service provider or business partner. As a result, our users’
information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without our users’ consent. We have experienced cyber-attacks, attempts
to breach our systems and other similar incidents in the past. For example, we have been and expect that we will continue to be
subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop for our customers, whether
by our employees or third parties, including cyber-attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses,
worms or other malicious software programs. To date these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations or financial
results, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have a material impact in the future. 
 We rely on encryption
and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive information,
including credit card numbers. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result
in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information
from being breached or compromised. In addition, websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those
obtained through phishing and credential stuffing. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may
not detect or prevent all attempts to breach our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing
attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information
stored in or transmitted by our websites, networks and systems or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including
payment card systems, which may subject us to fines or higher transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to certain payment
methods. We and such third parties may not anticipate or prevent all types of attacks until after they have already been launched.
Further, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched
against us or our third-party service providers. 
 In addition, security
breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or
by third parties. These risks may increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and applications we use
also increases. Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cybersecurity incidents could
result in unauthorized access to our sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of user information,
including users’ personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third
parties; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of
content or the display of unauthorized content on our sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating
to breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations
and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; litigation, regulatory action and other potential
liabilities. In the past, we have experienced social engineering, phishing, malware and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service
attacks, none of which to date has been material to our business; however, such attacks could in the future have a material adverse
effect on our operations. If any of these breaches of security should occur and be material, our reputation and brand could be
damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems
caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. We
cannot guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks
may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees
and engage third-party experts and consultants. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage that we believe is adequate
for our business, such coverage may not cover all potential costs and expenses associated with cybersecurity incidents that may
occur in the future. 
 In addition, any
party who is able to illicitly obtain a user’s password could access the user’s transaction data or personal information,
resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our
third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data protection, data security, network and information systems
security and other laws and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our
security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. We continue to devote significant resources to protect against security breaches or we may need to in the future to
address problems caused by breaches, including notifying affected subscribers and responding to any resulting litigation, which
in turn, diverts resources from the growth and expansion of our business. 
 We rely on Amazon Web Services to
deliver our offerings to users, and any disruption of or interference with our use of Amazon Web Services could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We currently host
our sports betting, iGaming and daily fantasy sports offerings and support our operations using Amazon Web Services (“AWS”),
a third-party provider of cloud infrastructure services, along with other service providers traditionally used by SBT. We do not,
and will not, have control over the operations of the facilities or infrastructure of the third-party service providers that we
use. Such third parties’ facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, cybersecurity attacks,
terrorist attacks, power outages and similar events or acts of misconduct. Our technology’s continuing and uninterrupted
performance will be critical to our success. We have experienced, and we expect that in the future we will experience, interruptions,
delays and outages in service and availability from these third-party service providers from time to time due to a variety of factors,
including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions and capacity constraints. In addition,
any changes in these third parties’ service levels may adversely affect our ability to meet the requirements of our users.
Since our technology’s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success, sustained or repeated system
failures would reduce the attractiveness of our offerings. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance,
especially during peak usage times, as we expand and the usage of our offerings increases. Any negative publicity arising from
these disruptions could harm our reputation and brand and may adversely affect the usage of our offerings. 
 Our commercial agreement
with AWS will remain in effect until terminated by AWS or us. AWS may only terminate the agreement for convenience after complying
with the contractual 30 day prior notice requirement, except for extraordinary circumstances as laid out in AWS standard terms.
AWS may also terminate the agreement for cause upon a breach of the agreement or for failure to pay amounts due, in each case,
subject to AWS providing prior written notice and a 30-day cure period. In the event that our agreement with AWS is terminated
or we add additional cloud infrastructure service providers, such as the one currently used by SBT, we may experience significant
costs or downtime in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, new cloud infrastructure service providers. Although
alternative providers could host our offerings on a substantially similar basis to AWS, transitioning the cloud infrastructure
currently hosted by AWS to alternative providers could potentially be disruptive and we could incur significant one-time costs. 
 Any of the above circumstances
or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce the availability or usage of our technology, lead to a significant loss of
revenue, increase our costs and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on third-party providers
to validate the identity and identify the location of our users, and if such providers fail to perform adequately, provide accurate
information or we do not maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 
 There is no guarantee
that the third-party geolocation and identity verification systems that we rely on will perform adequately, or be effective. We
rely on our geolocation and identity verification systems to ensure we are in compliance with certain laws and regulations, and
any service disruption to those systems would prohibit us from operating our offerings, and would adversely affect our business.
Additionally, incorrect or misleading geolocation and identity verification data with respect to current or potential users received
from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently allowing access to our offerings to individuals who should not
be permitted to access them, or otherwise inadvertently deny access to individuals who should be able to access our offerings,
in each case based on inaccurate identity or geographic location determination. Our third-party geolocation services provider relies
on its ability to obtain information necessary to determine geolocation from mobile devices, operating systems, and other sources.
Changes, disruptions or temporary or permanent failure to access such sources by our third-party services providers may result
in their inability to accurately determine the location of our users. Moreover, our inability to maintain our existing contracts
with third-party services providers, or to replace them with equivalent third parties, may result in our inability to access geolocation
and identity verification data necessary for our day-to-day operations. If any of these risks materializes, we may be subject to
disciplinary action, fines, lawsuits, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our technology contains third-party
open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict
our ability to provide our offerings. 
 Our technology contains
software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under “open source” licenses. Use and distribution of open source
software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide
support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code.
In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology. 
 Some open source licenses
contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of
open source software we use, or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our proprietary software with
open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code
of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development
effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release
of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some
or all of our software. 
 Although we monitor
our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our technology to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source
licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way
that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our technology. From time to
time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software
into their solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open
source software. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of open source software in our technology
will be effective. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source
software license, we could face infringement or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue
providing our offerings on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our technology, to discontinue or delay the
provision of our offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis or to make generally available, in source
code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on third-party payment processors
to process deposits and withdrawals made by our users, and if we cannot manage our relationships with such third parties and other
payment-related risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on a limited
number of third-party payment processors to process deposits and withdrawals made by our users. If any of our third-party payment
processors terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would
need to find an alternate payment processor, and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such payment processor in an
acceptable time frame. Further, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may not meet our expectations,
contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability
to accept online payments or other payment transactions or make timely payments to our users, any of which could make our technology
less trustworthy and convenient and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain our users. 
 Nearly all of our
payments are made by credit card, debit card or through other third-party payment services, which subjects us to certain regulations
and to the risk of fraud. We may in the future offer new payment options to users that may be subject to additional regulations
and risks. We are also subject to a number of other laws and regulations relating to the payments we accept from our users, including
with respect to money laundering, money transfers, privacy and information security. If we fail to comply with applicable rules and
regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties, fines and/or higher transaction fees and may lose our ability to
accept online payments or other payment card transactions, which could make our offerings less convenient and attractive to our
users. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 For example, if we are deemed to be a money transmitter as defined
by applicable regulation, we could be subject to certain laws, rules and regulations enforced by multiple authorities and
governing bodies in the United States and numerous state and local agencies who may define money transmitter differently. For example,
certain states may have a more expansive view of who qualifies as a money transmitter. Additionally, outside of the United States,
we could be subject to additional laws, rules and regulations related to the provision of payments and financial services,
and if we expand into new jurisdictions, the foreign regulations and regulators governing our business that we are subject to will
expand as well. If we are found to be a money transmitter under any applicable regulation and we are not in compliance with such
regulations, we may be subject to fines or other penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal or state or local regulators,
including state Attorneys General, as well as those levied by foreign regulators. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to
comply with applicable rules and regulations could include criminal and civil proceedings, forfeiture of significant assets
or other enforcement actions. We could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result
of regulatory scrutiny. 
 Additionally, our
payment processors require us to comply with payment card network operating rules, which are set and interpreted by the payment
card networks. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules in
ways that might prohibit us from providing certain offerings to some users, be costly to implement or difficult to follow. We have
agreed to reimburse our payment processors for fines they are assessed by payment card networks if we or our users violate these
rules. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on other third-party sports
data providers for real-time and accurate data for sporting events, and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate
their relationships with us, our costs may increase and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 
 We rely on third-party
sports data providers such as SportRadar and BetGenius to obtain accurate information regarding schedules, results, performance
and outcomes of sporting events. We rely on this data to determine when and how bets are settled or how users rank in their fantasy
contests. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, errors in this data feed which may result in us incorrectly settling
bets or ranking users in their contests. If we cannot adequately resolve the issue with our users, our users may have a negative
experience with our offerings, our brand or reputation may be negatively affected and our users may be less inclined to continue
or resume utilizing our products or recommend our offerings to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant interruption
in our service may harm our reputation, business and operating results. 
 Furthermore, if any
of our sports data partners terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable
terms, we would need to find an alternate provider, and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such providers in an
acceptable time frame. Any of these risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Further, any negative publicity related to any of our third-party partners, including any publicity related to regulatory
concerns, could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 
 We rely on other third-party service
providers and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with us, our costs may increase
and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends
in part on our relationships with other third-party service providers. For example, we rely on third parties for content delivery,
load balancing and protection against distributed denial-of-service attacks. If those providers do not perform adequately, our
users may experience issues or interruptions with their experiences. Furthermore, if any of our partners terminates its relationship
with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate provider,
and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such providers in an acceptable time frame. We also rely on other software
and services supplied by third parties, such as communications and internal software, and our business may be adversely affected
to the extent such software and services do not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, are compromised or experience
outages. Any of these risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Further, any negative publicity related to any of our third- party partners, including any publicity related to regulatory concerns,
could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 
 We incorporate technology
from third parties into our offerings. We cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights
of others or that the suppliers and licensors have sufficient rights to the technology in all jurisdictions in which we may operate.
Some of our license agreements may be terminated by our licensors for convenience. If we are unable to obtain or maintain rights
to any of this technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our suppliers and
licensors or against us, or if we are unable to continue to obtain the technology or enter into new agreements on commercially
reasonable terms, our ability to develop our offerings containing that technology could be severely limited and our business could
be harmed. 
 Additionally, if
we are unable to obtain necessary technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternate technology,
which may require significant time and effort and may be of lower quality or performance standards. This would limit and delay
our ability to provide new or competitive offerings and increase our costs. If alternate technology cannot be obtained or developed,
we may not be able to offer certain functionality as part of our offerings, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to detect fraud or theft,
including by our users and employees, our reputation may suffer which could harm our brand and reputation and negatively impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations and can subject us to investigations and litigation. 
 We have in the past
incurred, and may in the future incur, losses from various types of financial fraud, including use of stolen or fraudulent credit
card data, claims of unauthorized payments by a user and attempted payments by users with insufficient funds. Bad actors use increasingly
sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving personal information, such as unauthorized use of another person’s
identity, account information or payment information and unauthorized acquisition or use of credit or debit card details, bank
account information and mobile phone numbers and accounts. Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for use of funds
on our products with fraudulent credit card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction. 
 Acts of fraud may
involve various tactics, including collusion. Successful exploitation of our systems could have negative effects on our product
offerings, services and user experience and could harm our reputation. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner
could result in harm to our operations. In addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on
our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
In the event of the occurrence of any such issues with our existing technology or product offerings, substantial engineering and
marketing resources and management attention may be diverted from other projects to correct these issues, which may delay other
projects and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 In addition, any misappropriation
of, or access to, users’ or other proprietary information or other breach of our information security could result in legal
claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and
information security laws, including for failure to protect personal information or for misusing personal information, which could
disrupt our operations, force us to modify our business practices, damage our reputation and expose us to claims from our users,
regulators, employees and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 
 Despite measures we have taken to detect
and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent or other malicious activity on our offerings, we cannot guarantee that any of our measures
will be effective or will scale efficiently with our business. Our failure to adequately detect or prevent fraudulent transactions
could harm our reputation or brand, result in litigation or regulatory action and lead to expenses that could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If Internet and other technology-based
service providers experience service interruptions, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired and our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A substantial portion
of our network infrastructure is provided by third parties, including Internet service providers and other technology-based service
providers. See “— We rely on Amazon Web Services to deliver our offerings to users and any disruption of or interference
with our use of Amazon Web Services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.”
We require technology-based service providers to implement cyber-attack-resilient systems and processes. However, if Internet service
providers experience service interruptions, including because of cyber-attacks, or due to an event causing an unusually high volume
of Internet use (such as a pandemic or public health emergency), communications over the Internet may be interrupted and impair
our ability to conduct our business. Internet service providers and other technology-based service providers may in the future
roll out upgraded or new mobile or other telecommunications services, such as 5G or 6G services, which may not be successful and
thus may impact the ability of our users to access our offerings in a timely fashion or at all. In addition, our ability to process
e-commerce transactions depends on bank processing and credit card systems. To prepare for system problems, we continuously seek
to strengthen and enhance our current facilities and the capabilities of our system infrastructure and support. Nevertheless, there
can be no assurance that the Internet infrastructure or our own network systems will continue to be able to meet the demand placed
on us by the continued growth of the Internet, the overall online gaming industry and our users. Any difficulties these providers
face, including the potential of certain network traffic receiving priority over other traffic (i.e., lack of net neutrality),
may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems
with the services they provide. Any system failure as a result of reliance on third parties, such as network, software or hardware
failure, including as a result of cyber-attacks, which causes a loss of our users’ property or personal information or a
delay or interruption in our online services and products and e-commerce services, including our ability to handle existing or
increased traffic, could result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interruptions to our offerings, cause us to incur significant
legal, remediation and notification costs, degrade the customer experience and cause users to lose confidence in our offerings,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We rely on strategic relationships
with casinos, tribes and horse-tracks in order to be able to offer our sports betting and iGaming products in certain jurisdictions.
If we cannot establish and manage such relationships with such partners, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 
 Under the sports
betting and iGaming laws of certain states, online sports betting and iGaming are limited to a finite number of retail
operators, such as casinos, tribes or tracks, who own a “skin” or “skins” under that state’s
law. A “skin” is a legally-authorized license from a state to offer online sports betting or iGaming services
provided by such a retail operator. The “skin” provides a market access opportunity for mobile operators to
operate in the jurisdiction pending licensure and other required approvals by the state’s regulator. The entities that
control those “skins,” and the numbers of “skins” available, are typically determined by a
state’s law authorizing sports betting or iGaming. In most of the jurisdictions in which we offer sports betting and
iGaming, we currently rely on a casino, tribe or track in order to get a “skin.” These “skins” are
what allows us to gain access to jurisdictions where online operators are required to have a retail relationship. If we
cannot establish, renew or manage our relationships, our relationships could terminate and we would not be allowed to operate
in those jurisdictions until we enter into new ones. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 
 Our growth will depend, in part,
on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. Overreliance on certain third parties, or our inability to extend
existing relationships or agree to new relationships may cause unanticipated costs for us and impact our financial performance
in the future. 
 We rely on relationships
with sports leagues and teams, professional athletes and athlete organizations, advertisers, casinos and other third parties in
order to attract users to our offerings. These relationships along with providers of online services, search engines, social media,
directories and other websites and ecommerce businesses direct consumers to our offerings. In addition, many of the parties with
whom we have advertising arrangements provide advertising services to other companies, including other fantasy sports and gaming
products with whom we compete. While we believe there are other third parties that could drive users to our offerings, adding or
transitioning to them may disrupt our business and increase our costs. In the event that any of our existing relationships or our
future relationships fails to provide services to us in accordance with the terms of our arrangement, or at all, and we are not
able to find suitable alternatives, this could impact our ability to attract consumers cost effectively and harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our growth prospects may suffer if
we are unable to develop successful offerings or if we fail to pursue additional offerings. In addition, if we fail to make the
right investment decisions in our offerings and technology, we may not attract and retain key users and our revenue and results
of operations may decline. 
 DraftKings was founded
in 2011 with a singular focus on the DFS industry and initially focused its efforts on growing the DFS product offering. In 2018,
DraftKings expanded its product offerings to include its Sportsbook and iGaming offerings. DraftKings has rapidly expanded and
we anticipate expanding further as new product offerings mature and as we pursue our growth strategies. 
 The industries in
which we operate are subject to rapid and frequent changes in standards, technologies, products and service offerings, as well
as in customer demands and expectations and regulations. We must continuously make decisions regarding in which offerings and technology
we should invest to meet customer demand in compliance with evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements and must continually
introduce and successfully market new and innovative technologies, offerings and enhancements to remain competitive and effectively
stimulate customer demand, acceptance and engagement. Our ability to engage, retain, and increase our user base and to increase
our revenue will depend heavily on our ability to successfully create new offerings, both independently and together with third
parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing technology and offerings or develop and introduce new and unproven
products and services, with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience. The process of developing new
offerings and systems is inherently complex and uncertain, and new offerings may not be well received by users, even if well-reviewed
and of high quality. If we are unable to develop technology and products that address users’ needs or enhance and improve
our existing technology and offerings in a timely manner, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Although we
intend to continue investing in our research and development efforts, if new or enhanced offerings fail to engage our users
or partners, we may fail to attract or retain users or to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to
justify our investments, any of which may seriously harm our business. In addition, management may not properly ascertain or
assess the risks of new initiatives, and subsequent events may alter the risks that were evaluated at the time we decided to
execute any new initiative. Creating additional offerings can also divert our management’s attention from other
business issues and opportunities. Even if our new offerings attain market acceptance, those new offerings could exploit the
market share of our existing product offerings or share of our users’ wallets in a manner that could negatively impact
their ecosystem. Furthermore, such expansion of our business increases the complexity of our business and places an
additional burden on our management, operations, technical systems and financial resources and we may not recover the
often-substantial up-front costs of developing and marketing new offerings, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting
management and financial resources away from other offerings. In the event of continued growth of our operations, products or
in the number of third-party relationships, we may not have adequate resources, operationally, technologically or otherwise
to support such growth and the quality of our technology, offerings or our relationships with third parties could suffer. In
addition, failure to effectively identify, pursue and execute new business initiatives, or to efficiently adapt our processes
and infrastructure to meet the needs of our innovations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects. 
 Any new offerings
may also require our users to utilize new skills to use our offerings. This could create a lag in adoption of new offerings and
new user additions related to any new offerings. To date, new offerings and enhancements of our existing technology have not hindered
our user growth or engagement, but that may be the result of a large portion of our user base being in a younger demographic and
more willing to invest the time to learn to use our products most effectively. To the extent that future users, including those
in older demographics, are less willing to invest the time to learn to use our products, and if we are unable to make our products
easier to learn to use, our user growth or engagement could be affected, and our business could be harmed. We may develop new products
that increase user engagement and costs without increasing revenue. 
 Additionally, we may
make bad or unprofitable decisions regarding these investments. If new or existing competitors offer more attractive offerings,
we may lose users or users may decrease their spending on our offerings. New customer demands, superior competitive offerings,
new industry standards or changes in the regulatory environment could render our existing offerings unattractive, unmarketable
or obsolete and require us to make substantial unanticipated changes to our technology or business model. Our failure to adapt
to a rapidly changing market or evolving customer demands could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 
 Our growth will depend on our ability
to attract and retain users, and the loss of our users, failure to attract new users in a cost-effective manner, or failure to
effectively manage our growth could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our ability to achieve
growth in revenue in the future will depend, in large part, upon our ability to attract new users to our offerings, retain existing
users of our offerings and reactivate users in a cost-effective manner. Achieving growth in our community of users may require
us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts, which may not make sense in terms of return
on investment. We have used and expect to continue to use a variety of free and paid marketing channels, in combination with compelling
offers and exciting games to achieve our objectives. For paid marketing, we intend to leverage a broad array of advertising channels,
including television, radio, social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Snap, affiliates and paid and
organic search, and other digital channels, such as mobile display. If the search engines on which we rely modify their algorithms,
change their terms around gaming, or if the prices at which we may purchase listings increase, then our costs could increase, and
fewer users may click through to our website. If links to our website are not displayed prominently in online search results, if
fewer users click through to our website, if our other digital marketing campaigns are not effective, of it the costs of attracting
users using any of our current methods significantly increase, then our ability to efficiently attract new users could be reduced,
our revenue could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 In addition, our ability
to increase the number of users of our offerings will depend on continued user adoption of DFS, Sportsbook and iGaming. Growth
in the DFS, Sportsbook and iGaming industries and the level of demand for and market acceptance of our product offerings will be
subject to a high degree of uncertainty. We cannot assure that consumer adoption of our product offerings will continue or exceed
current growth rates, or that the industry will achieve more widespread acceptance. 
 Additionally, as technological or regulatory standards change
and we modify our offerings to comply with those standards, we may need users to take certain actions to continue playing, such
as performing age verification checks or accepting new terms and conditions. Users may stop using our offerings at any time, including
if the quality of the user experience, including our support capabilities in the event of a problem, does not meet their expectations
or keep pace with the quality of the customer experience generally offered by competitive offerings. 
 Our core values of focusing on our
users first and acting for the long term may conflict with the short-term interests of our business. 
 One of our operating
principles is to put our users first, which we believe is essential to our success and serves the best, long-term interests of
our company and our stakeholders. Therefore, we have made in the past and we may make in the future, certain investments or changes
in strategy that we think will benefit our users, even if our decision negatively impacts our operating results in the short term. 
 Our business model depends upon
the continued compatibility between our app and the major mobile operating systems and upon third-party platforms for the distribution
of our product offerings. If Google Play or the Apple App Store prevent users from downloading our apps or block advertising from
being delivered to our users, our ability to grow our revenue, profitability and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 The substantial majority
of our users access our DFS, Sportsbook and iGaming product offerings primarily on mobile devices, and we believe that this will
continue to be increasingly important to our long-term success. Our business model depends upon the continued compatibility between
our app and the major mobile operating systems. Third parties with whom we do not have any formal relationships control the design
of mobile devices and operating systems. These parties frequently introduce new devices, and from time to time they may introduce
new operating systems or modify existing ones. Network carriers may also impact the ability to download apps or access specified
content on mobile devices. 
 In addition, we rely
upon third-party platforms for distribution of our product offerings. The DFS product offering is delivered as a free application
through both the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store and is also accessible via mobile and traditional websites. The Sportsbook
and iGaming product offerings are primarily distributed through the Apple App Store and a traditional website. The Google Play
store and Apple App Store are global application distribution platforms and the main distribution channels for our app. As such,
the promotion, distribution and operation of our app are subject to the respective distribution platforms’ standard terms
and policies for application developers, which are very broad and subject to frequent changes and interpretation. Furthermore,
the distribution platforms may not enforce their standard terms and policies for application developers consistently and uniformly
across all applications and with all publishers. 
 There is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will start
or continue to support or feature our product offerings, or that mobile device users will continue to use our product offerings
rather than competing products. We are dependent on the interoperability of our technology with popular mobile operating systems,
technologies, networks and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS operating systems, and any changes, bugs,
technical or regulatory issues in such systems, our relationships with mobile manufacturers and carriers, or in their terms of
service or policies that degrade our offerings’ functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability to distribute our offerings,
give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver high quality offerings, or impose fees or other
charges related to delivering our offerings, could adversely affect our product usage and monetization on mobile devices. 
 Moreover, our products require high-bandwidth data capabilities
in order to place time-sensitive bets. If the growth of high-bandwidth capabilities, particularly for mobile devices, is slower
than we expect, our user growth, retention, and engagement may be seriously harmed. Additionally, to deliver high-quality content
over mobile cellular networks, our product offerings must work well with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks, regulations,
and standards that we do not control. In particular, any future changes to the iOS or Android operating systems may impact the
accessibility, speed, functionality, and other performance aspects of our offerings, which issues are likely to occur in the future
from time to time. In addition, the adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity, or use of
the Internet, including laws governing Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products and increase our cost of
doing business. Specifically, any laws that would allow mobile providers in the United States to impede access to content, or otherwise
discriminate against content providers like us, such as providing for faster or better access to our competitors, over their data
networks, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Furthermore, we may not successfully cultivate relationships
with key industry participants or develop product offerings that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks,
regulations, or standards. If it becomes more difficult for our users to access and use our offerings on their mobile devices,
if our users choose not to access or use our offerings on their mobile devices, or if our users choose to use mobile products that
do not offer access to our offerings, our user growth, retention, and engagement could be seriously harmed. 
 In addition, if any
of the third-party platforms used for distribution of our product offerings were to limit or disable advertising on their platforms,
either because of technological constraints or because the owner of these distribution platforms wished to impair our ability
to serve ads on them, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed. Also, technologies may be developed that can block the
display of our ads. These changes could materially impact the way we do business, and if we or our advertising partners are unable
to quickly and effectively adjust to those changes, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects. 
 We may require additional capital
to support our growth plans, and such capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. This could hamper our
growth and adversely affect our business. 
 We intend to make significant investments to support our business
growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new offerings and features
or enhance our existing offerings and features, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses, personnel
and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. Our ability to obtain
additional capital, if and when required, will depend on our business plans, investor demand, our operating performance, capital
markets conditions and other factors. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities
may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our currently issued and outstanding equity or debt, and our
existing shareholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain additional capital when required, or on satisfactory
terms, our ability to continue to support our business growth or to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen
circumstances could be adversely affected, and our business may be harmed. 
 We may invest in or acquire other
businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our company or otherwise
manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions. 
 As part of our business
strategy, we have made, and we intend to continue to make, acquisitions as opportunities arise to add new or complementary businesses,
products, brands or technologies. In some cases, the costs of such acquisitions may be substantial, including as a result of professional
fees and due diligence efforts. There is no assurance that the time and resources expended on pursuing a particular acquisition
will result in a completed transaction, or that any completed transaction will ultimately be successful. In addition, we may be
unable to identify suitable acquisition or strategic investment opportunities, or may be unable to obtain any required financing
or regulatory approvals, and therefore may be unable to complete such acquisitions or strategic investments on favorable terms,
if at all. We may decide to pursue acquisitions with which our investors may not agree and we cannot assure investors that any
acquisition or investment will be successful or otherwise provide a favorable return on investment. In addition, acquisitions
and the integration thereof require significant time and resources and place significant demands on our management, as well as
on our operational and financial infrastructure. In addition, if we fail to successfully close transactions or integrate new teams,
or integrate the products and technologies associated with these acquisitions into our company, our business could be seriously
harmed. Acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and risks, including: 
 the
                                         ability to profitably manage acquired businesses or successfully integrate the acquired
                                         businesses’ operations, personnel, financial reporting, accounting and internal
                                         controls, technologies and products into our business; 
 increased
                                         indebtedness and the expense of integrating acquired businesses, including significant
                                         administrative, operational, economic, geographic or cultural challenges in managing
                                         and integrating the expanded or combined operations; 
 entry
                                         into jurisdictions or acquisition of products or technologies with which we have limited
                                         or no prior experience, and the potential of increased competition with new or existing
                                         competitors as a result of such acquisitions; 
 diversion
                                         of management’s attention and the over-extension of our operating infrastructure
                                         and our management systems, information technology systems, and internal controls and
                                         procedures, which may be inadequate to support growth; 
 the
                                         ability to fund our capital needs and any cash flow shortages that may occur if anticipated
                                         revenue is not realized or is delayed, whether by general economic or market conditions,
                                         or unforeseen internal difficulties; and 
 the
                                         ability to retain or hire qualified personnel required for expanded operations. 
 Our acquisition strategy
may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. Issuing shares
of Class A common stock to fund an acquisition would cause economic dilution to existing stockholders. If we develop a reputation
for being a difficult acquirer or having an unfavorable work environment, or target companies view our Class A common stock
unfavorably, we may be unable to consummate key acquisition transactions essential to our corporate strategy and our business
may be seriously harmed. 
 We are party to pending litigation
in various jurisdictions and with various plaintiffs and we may be subject to future litigation in the operation of our business.
An adverse outcome in one or more proceedings could adversely affect our business. 
 In the past we have
been party to, and we may in the future increasingly face the risk of, claims, lawsuits, and other proceedings involving competition
and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility claims, securities, tax, labor and employment,
commercial disputes, services and other matters. See “Business — Legal Proceedings.” Litigation to defend us
against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties, may be necessary, which could
result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 
 Any litigation to
which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, or in payments of
substantial monetary damages or fines, the posting of bonds requiring significant collateral, letters of credit or similar instruments,
or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm,
criminal sanctions, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain products or requiring a change in our business
practices in costly ways or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Litigation
and other claims and regulatory proceedings against us could result in unexpected disciplinary actions, expenses and liabilities,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our business is subject to a variety
of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm
our business. Any change in existing regulations or their interpretation, or the regulatory climate applicable to our products
and services, or changes in tax rules and regulations or interpretation thereof related to our products and services, could
adversely impact our ability to operate our business as currently conducted or as we seek to operate in the future, which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are generally
subject to laws and regulations relating to fantasy sports, sports betting and iGaming in the jurisdictions in which we conduct
our business or in some circumstances, of those jurisdictions in which we offer our services or those are available, as well as
the general laws and regulations that apply to all e-commerce businesses, such as those related to privacy and personal information,
tax and consumer protection. These laws and regulations vary from one jurisdiction to another and future legislative and regulatory
action, court decisions or other governmental action, which may be affected by, among other things, political pressures, attitudes
and climates, as well as personal biases, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. In particular, some
jurisdictions have introduced regulations attempting to restrict or prohibit online gaming, while others have taken the position
that online gaming should be licensed and regulated and have adopted or are in the process of considering legislation and regulations
to enable that to happen. Additionally, some jurisdictions in which we may operate could presently be unregulated or partially
regulated and therefore more susceptible to the enactment or change of laws and regulations. 
 We offer our DFS
product offering in 22 states that have adopted legislation permitting online fantasy sports. In those states that currently require
a license or registration, we have either obtained the appropriate license or registration, have obtained a provisional license,
or are operating pursuant to a grandfathering clause that allows operation pending the availability of licensing applications
and subsequent grant of a license. We also have three foreign licenses and operates under those licenses in eight countries. 
 We operate in 21
states and one country, Canada, that do not have fantasy sports-specific laws or regulations. In those jurisdictions, our business
may be subject to future legislative and regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental action that could alter or eliminate
our ability to operate. On February 6, 2020, a state intermediate appellate court in New York determined in a split decision
that a law specifically authorizing paid fantasy sports contests in New York violated the New York constitution. This decision
is currently stayed and has been appealed to the New York Court of Appeals (the highest court in New York). If upheld, it could
jeopardize our ability to operate our DFS offering in New York. In addition, in certain states in which DraftKings operates, including
Texas and Florida, the applicable office of the Attorney General has issued an adverse legal opinion regarding DFS. In the event
that one of those Attorneys General decides to take action on the opinion from their office, we may have to withdraw our operations
from such state, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In May 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down PASPA as
unconstitutional. This decision has the effect of lifting federal restrictions on sports betting and thus allowing states to determine
the legality of sports betting for themselves. Since the repeal of PASPA, several states (and Washington D.C.) have legalized online
sports betting. To the extent new real money gaming or sports betting jurisdictions are established or expanded, we cannot guarantee
that we will be successful in penetrating such new jurisdictions or expanding our business or user base in line with the growth
of existing jurisdictions. If we are unable to effectively develop and operate directly or indirectly within these new jurisdictions
or if our competitors are able to successfully penetrate geographic jurisdictions that we cannot access or where we face other
restrictions, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our failure
to obtain or maintain the necessary regulatory approvals in jurisdictions, whether individually or collectively, would have a material
adverse effect on our business. See “Business — Government Regulation.” To expand into new jurisdictions, we
may need to be licensed and obtain approvals of our product offerings. This is a time-consuming process that can be costly. Any
delays in obtaining or difficulty in maintaining regulatory approvals needed for expansion within existing jurisdictions or into
new jurisdictions can negatively affect our opportunities for growth, including the growth of our customer base, or delay our ability
to recognize revenue from our offerings in any such jurisdictions. 
 Future legislative and regulatory action, and court decisions
or other governmental action, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. Governmental authorities could
view us as having violated local laws, despite our efforts to obtain all applicable licenses or approvals. There is also a risk
that civil and criminal proceedings, including class actions, brought by or on behalf of prosecutors or public entities or incumbent
monopoly providers, or private individuals, could be initiated against us, Internet service providers, credit card and other
payment processors, advertisers and others involved in the DFS, sports betting and iGaming industries. Such potential proceedings
could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets, injunctions or other restrictions being imposed
upon us or our licensees or other business partners, while diverting the attention of key executives. Such proceedings could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as impact our reputation. 
 There can be no assurance
that legally enforceable legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially relevant to our
business to prohibit, legislate or regulate various aspects of the DFS, iGaming and sports betting industries (or that existing
laws in those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, either as a result of our determination that a jurisdiction
should be blocked, or because a local license or approval may be costly for us or our business partners to obtain and/or such
licenses or approvals may contain other commercially undesirable conditions. 
 In the context of our EU-facing
operations, we may be subject to specific compliance obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the
 “GDPR”) and associated laws and regulations in different EU Member States in which we operate. In addition, portions
of our business established outside the EU may be required to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and associated EU legislation
with respect to the offering of products or services to, or the monitoring of, individuals in the EU. We may also be subject to
the local privacy and data protection laws of the EU Member States in which we offer products or services. Failure to comply with
these EU data protection and privacy laws, can carry penalties and potential criminal sanctions, as well as the risk of litigation.
In addition, Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2009/136/EC) (together, the “e-Privacy Directive”) governs,
among other things, the use of cookies and the sending of electronic direct marketing within the European Union and, as such,
will apply to our marketing activities within the EU. Following Brexit, the UK has adopted its own data protection and direct
marketing laws (the "UK data protection laws") which are currently based on the corresponding EU legislation. Our UK-facing
operations may therefore be subject to specific compliance obligations under the UK data protection laws. 
 In our efforts to
comply with these requirements, we rely on positions and interpretations of the law that have yet to be fully tested before the
relevant courts and regulators. While the UK data protection laws are currently similar to the corresponding EU laws, it is possible
that those laws will diverge in the future; to the extent that those laws do diverge, then that may increase the costs of maintaining
regulatory compliance. There is also a risk that it may become more difficult to make cross-border transfers of personal data,
as a result of diverging data protection regimes in the territories where our customers are located and the territories where
our operations are based. If a regulator or court of competent jurisdiction determined that one or more of our compliance efforts
does not satisfy the applicable requirements of the GDPR or the e-Privacy Directive, or the UK data protection laws, or if any
party brought a claim in this regard, there could be potential governmental or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions,
regulatory fines, compliance orders, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and that
could cause customers to lose trust in us and damage our reputation. Likewise, a change in guidance could be costly and have an
adverse effect on our business. 
 Our growth prospects depend on the
legal status of real-money gaming in various jurisdictions, predominantly within the United States, and legalization may not occur
in as many states as we expect, or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate. Additionally, even if jurisdictions legalize
real money gaming, this may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions and/or taxes that make it impracticable or
less attractive to operate in those jurisdictions, or the process of implementing regulations or securing the necessary licenses
to operate in a particular jurisdiction may take longer than we anticipate, which could adversely affect our future results of
operations and make it more difficult to meet our expectations for financial performance. 
 A number of states
have legalized, or are currently considering legalizing, real money gaming, and our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects are significantly dependent upon legalization of real money gaming. Our business plan is partially based
upon the legalization of real money gaming for a specific percent of the population on a yearly basis and the legalization may
not occur as we have anticipated. Additionally, if a large number of additional states or the federal government enact real money
gaming legislation and we are unable to obtain, or are otherwise delayed in obtaining the necessary licenses to operate online
sports betting or iGaming websites in U.S. jurisdictions where such games are legalized, our future growth in online sports betting
and iGaming could be materially impaired. 
 As we enter into new jurisdictions, states or the federal government
may legalize real money gaming in a manner that is unfavorable to us. As a result, we may encounter legal, regulatory and political
challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues
or costs associated with the new opportunity. For example, certain states require us to have a relationship with a retail operator
for online Sportsbook access, which tends to increase our costs of revenue. States that have established state-run monopolies may
limit opportunities for private sector participants like us. States also impose substantial tax rates on online sports betting
and iGaming revenue, in addition to the federal excise tax of 25 basis points on the amount of each wager. As most state product
taxes apply to various measures of modified gross profit, tax rates, whether federal- or state-based, that are higher than we expect
will make it more costly and less desirable for us to launch in a given jurisdiction, while tax increases in any of our existing
jurisdictions may adversely impact our profitability. 
 Therefore, even in cases in which a jurisdiction purports to
license and regulate DFS, sports betting or iGaming, the licensing and regulatory regimes can vary considerably in terms of their
business-friendliness and at times may be intended to provide incumbent operators with advantages over new licensees. Therefore,
some “liberalized” regulatory regimes are considerably more commercially attractive than others. 
 Failure to comply with regulatory
requirements in a particular jurisdiction, or the failure to successfully obtain a license or permit applied for in a particular
jurisdiction, could impact our ability to comply with licensing and regulatory requirements in other jurisdictions, or could cause
the rejection of license applications or cancelation of existing licenses in other jurisdictions, or could cause financial institutions,
online and mobile platforms, advertisers and distributors to stop providing services to us which we rely upon to receive payments
from, or distribute amounts to, our users, or otherwise to deliver and promote our services. 
 Compliance with the
various regulations applicable to fantasy sports and real money gaming is costly and time-consuming. Regulatory authorities at
the non-U.S., U.S. federal, state and local levels have broad powers with respect to the regulation and licensing of fantasy sports
and real money gaming operations and may revoke, suspend, condition or limit our fantasy sports or real money gaming licenses,
impose substantial fines on us and take other actions, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing
interpretations, and various legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current laws or regulations or enact new laws and regulations
regarding these matters. We will strive to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our business. It is possible,
however, that these requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another
and may conflict with other rules. Non-compliance with any such law or regulations could expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation
and investigations by private parties and regulatory authorities, as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of
which may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Any fantasy sports
or real money gaming license could be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. The loss of a license in one jurisdiction
could trigger the loss of a license or affect our eligibility for such a license in another jurisdiction, and any of such losses,
or potential for such loss, could cause us to cease offering some or all of our offerings in the impacted jurisdictions. We may
be unable to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience
delays related to the licensing process, which could adversely affect our operations. Our delay or failure to obtain or maintain
licenses in any jurisdiction may prevent us from distributing our offerings, increasing our customer base and/or generating revenues.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain and maintain the licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our DFS,
Sportsbook and iGaming operations. Any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our growth prospects and market
potential will depend on our ability to obtain licenses to operate in a number of jurisdictions and if we fail to obtain such
licenses our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be impaired. 
 Our ability to grow
our business will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain licenses to offer our product offerings in a large number of jurisdictions
or in heavily populated jurisdictions. If we fail to obtain and maintain licenses in large jurisdictions or in a greater number
of mid-market jurisdictions, this may prevent us from expanding the footprint of our product offerings, increasing our user base
and/or generating revenues. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain and maintain licenses and related approvals necessary
to conduct our DFS, Sportsbook and iGaming operations. Any failure to obtain and maintain licenses, registrations, permits or
approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We have been, and continue to be,
the subject of governmental investigations and inquiries with respect to the operation of our businesses and we could be subject
to future governmental investigations and inquiries, legal proceedings and enforcement actions. Any such investigation, inquiry,
proceeding or action, could adversely affect our business. 
 We have received
formal and informal inquiries from time to time, from government authorities and regulators, including tax authorities and gaming
regulators, regarding compliance with laws and other matters, and we may receive such inquiries in the future, particularly as
we grow and expand our operations. Violation of existing or future regulations, regulatory orders or consent decrees could subject
us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, it is possible that future orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory
authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated liability or penalties, or require us to change
our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. 
 Participation in the sports betting
industry exposes us to trading, liability management and pricing risk. We may experience lower than expected profitability and
potentially significant losses as a result of a failure to determine accurately the odds in relation to any particular event and/or
any failure of its sports risk management processes. 
 Our fixed-odds betting
products involve betting where winnings are paid on the basis of the stake placed and the odds quoted. Odds are determined with
the objective of providing an average return to the bookmaker over a large number of events and therefore, over the long term,
our gross win percentage has remained fairly constant. However, there can be significant variation in gross win percentage event-
by-event and day-by-day. We have systems and controls that seek to reduce the risk of daily losses occurring on a gross-win basis,
but there can be no assurance that these will be effective in reducing our exposure, and consequently our exposure to this risk
in the future. As a result, in the short term, there is less certainty of generating a positive gross win, and we may experience
(and we have from time to time experienced) significant losses with respect to individual events or betting outcomes, in particular
if large individual bets are placed on an event or betting outcome or series of events or betting outcomes. Odds compilers and
risk managers are capable of human error, thus even allowing for the fact that a number of betting products are subject to capped
pay-outs, significant volatility can occur. In addition, it is possible that there may be such a high volume of trading during
any particular period that even automated systems would be unable to address and eradicate all risks. Any significant losses on
a gross- win basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
if a jurisdiction where we hold or wish to apply for a license imposes a high turnover tax for betting (as opposed to a gross-win
tax), this too would impact profitability, particularly with high value/low margin bets, and likewise have a material adverse
effect on our business. 
 Palpable (obvious) errors in Sportsbook
odds making may occasionally occur in the normal course of business, sometimes for large liabilities. While it is a worldwide
standard business practice to void bets associated with palpable errors or to correct the odds, there is no guarantee regulators
will approve voiding palpable errors in every case. 
 Our Sportsbook offers
a huge spectrum of betting markets across dozens of sports, and the odds are set through a combination of algorithmic and manual
odds making. Bet acceptance is also a combination of automatic and manual acceptance. In some cases, the odds offered on the website
constitute an obvious error. Examples of such errors are inverted lines between teams, or odds that are significantly different
from the true odds of the outcome in a way that all reasonable persons would agree is an error. It is commonplace virtually worldwide
for operators to void bets associated with such palpable errors, and in most mature jurisdictions these bets can be voided without
regulatory approval at operator discretion. In the U.S., it is unclear long term if state-by-state regulators will consistently
approve voids or re-setting odds to correct odds on such bets. In some cases, we require regulatory approval to void palpable
errors ahead of time. If regulators were to not allow voiding of bets associated with large obvious errors in odds making, we
could be subject to covering significant liabilities. 
 We follow the industry practice
of restricting and managing betting limits at the individual customer level based on individual customer profiles and risk level
to the enterprise; however there is no guarantee that states will allow operators such as us to limit on the individual customer
level. 
 Similar to a credit
card company managing individual risk on the customer level through credit limits, it is customary for sports betting operators
to manage customer betting limits at the individual level to manage enterprise risk levels. We believe this practice is beneficial
overall, because if it were not possible, the betting options would be restricted globally and limits available to customers would
be much lower to insulate overall risk due to the existence of a very small segment of highly sophisticated syndicates and algorithmic
bettors, or bettors looking to take advantage of site errors and omissions. We believe virtually all operators balance taking
reasonable action from all customers against the risk of individual customers significantly harming the business viability. We
cannot assure you that all state legislation and regulators will always allow operators to execute limits at the individual customer
level, or at their sole discretion. 
 Negative events or negative media
coverage relating to, or a declining popularity of, daily fantasy sports, sports betting, the underlying sports or athletes, online
sports betting or iGaming in particular, or other negative coverage may adversely impact our ability to retain or attract users,
which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Public opinion can
significantly influence our business. Unfavorable publicity regarding us, for example, our product changes, product quality, litigation,
or regulatory activity, or regarding the actions of third parties with whom we have relationships or the underlying sports (including
declining popularity of the sports or athletes) could seriously harm our reputation. In addition, a negative shift in the perception
of sports betting and iGaming by the public or by politicians, lobbyists or others could affect future legislation of sports betting
and iGaming, which could cause jurisdictions to abandon proposals to legalize sports betting and iGaming, thereby limiting the
number of jurisdictions in which we can operate. Furthermore, illegal betting activity by athletes could result in negative publicity
for our industry and could harm our brand reputation. Negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on or to
the prohibition of iGaming or sports betting in jurisdictions in which we currently operate. Such negative publicity could also
adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement, and loyalty of our customer base and result in decreased revenue or slower
user growth rates, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We may have difficulty accessing
the service of banks, credit card issuers and payment processing services providers, which may make it difficult to sell our products
and services. 
 Although financial institutions and payment processors are permitted
to provide services to us and others in our industry, banks, credit card issuers and payment processing service providers may be
hesitant to offer banking and payment processing services to real money gaming and fantasy sports businesses. Consequently, those
businesses involved in our industry, including our own, may encounter difficulties in establishing and maintaining banking and
payment processing relationships with a full scope of services and generating market rate interest. If we were unable to maintain
our bank accounts or our users were unable to use their credit cards, bank accounts or e-wallets to make deposits and withdrawals
from our offerings it would make it difficult for us to operate our business, increase our operating costs, and pose additional
operational, logistical and security challenges which could result in an inability to implement our business plan. 
 The requirements of being a public
company may strain our resources and divert management’s attention, and the increases in legal, accounting and compliance
expenses may be greater than we anticipate. 
 We became a public
company following the Closing of the Business Combination, and as such, have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant
legal, accounting and other expenses that DraftKings and SBT did not incur as private companies. We are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently implemented
by the SEC and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market, including changes in corporate governance practices and the establishment
and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules and regulations can be burdensome.
Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these
rules and regulations will increase our historical legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more
time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board as compared to DraftKings and SBT as private companies. Additionally,
as we are no longer an “emerging growth company”, we have incurred significant expenses and devoted substantial management
effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and expect to continue to
do so in the future. We will need to continue to hire additional accounting and financial staff, and engage outside consultants,
all with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and maintain an internal audit function, which
will increase our operating expenses. Moreover, we could incur additional compensation costs in the event that we decide to pay
cash compensation closer to that of other publicly-listed companies, which would increase our general and administrative expenses
and could materially and adversely affect our profitability. We are evaluating these rules and regulations, and cannot predict
or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 Failure to maintain adequate financial,
information technology and management processes and controls could result in material weaknesses which could lead to errors in
our financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business now that we are a public company. 
 Maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and is important in helping
to prevent financial fraud. If we are unable to maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting, our business and
operating results could be harmed. Effective December 31, 2020, we are no longer an “emerging growth company”,
and therefore under applicable SEC rules we must maintain internal controls over financial reporting to satisfy the requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley”) and the related rules of the SEC, which
require, among other things, our management to assess annually the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
and our independent registered public accounting firm to issue a report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting with our Annual Report. 
 The internal control
assessment required by Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley may divert internal resources and we may experience higher operating
expenses, higher independent auditor and consulting fees during the implementation of these changes. We may not be able to complete
our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. In addition, our current controls and any new controls
that we develop may become inadequate because of poor design and changes in our business, including increased complexity resulting
from any international expansion. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could
adversely affect the results of assessments by our independent registered public accounting firm and their attestation reports. 
 errors timely, our consolidated financial statements could be misstated, we could be subject to regulatory
scrutiny and a loss of confidence by stakeholders, which could harm our business and adversely affect the market price of our
common stock. Failure to comply with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations
by the SEC, FINRA or other regulatory authorities, as well as increase the risk of liability arising from litigation based on
securities law. 
 If
we are unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls, or if our internal controls have a material weakness, we
may not detect 
 Continued growth and success will
depend on the performance of our current and future employees, including certain key employees. Recruitment and retention of these
individuals is vital to growing our business and meeting our business plans. The loss of any of our key executives or other key
employees could harm our business. 
 We depend on a limited
number of key personnel to manage and operate our business, including DraftKings’ co-founders, our Chief Financial Officer
and our Chief Legal Officer. The leadership of these key personnel was a critical element of Old DK’s success and we expect
that such leadership will continue to be a critical element of DraftKings’ future success. The departure, death or disability
of any one of our executive officers or other extended or permanent loss of any of their services, or any negative market or industry
perception with respect to any of them or their loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are the beneficiary
of a $2 million key man insurance policy covering our Chief Executive Officer, but we are not protected by key man or similar
life insurance covering other executive officers or members of senior management. 
 In addition, certain
of our other employees have made significant contributions to our growth and success. We believe our success and our ability to
compete and grow will depend in large part on the efforts and talents of our employees and on our ability to retain highly skilled
personnel. The competition for these types of personnel is intense and we compete with other potential employers for the services
of our employees. As a result, we may not succeed in retaining the executives and other key employees that we need. Employees,
particularly analysts and engineers, are in high demand, and we devote significant resources to identifying, hiring, training,
successfully integrating and retaining these employees. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to attract or retain
such highly qualified personnel in the future. In addition, the loss of employees or the inability to hire additional skilled
employees as necessary could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could
be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. 
 All of our named
executive officers are employees-at-will. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these key employees could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Additionally, as
we grow and develop the infrastructure as a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, innovative
and team-based culture. Our retention and recruiting may require significant increases in compensation expense as we transition
to a public company, which would adversely affect our results of operation. Moreover, there may also be disparities of wealth
between those of our employees who were employees of DraftKings or SBT prior to the Business Combination and those who join us
after the Closing, which may harm our culture and relations among employees. 
 If we do not succeed
in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to
grow effectively and our business could be seriously harmed. 
 In some jurisdictions our key executives,
certain employees or other individuals related to the business will be subject to licensing or compliance requirements. Failure
by such individuals to obtain the necessary licenses or comply with individual regulatory obligations, could cause the business
to be non-compliant with its obligations, or imperil its ability to obtain or maintain licenses necessary for the conduct of the
business. In some cases, the remedy to such situation may require the removal of a key executive or employee and the mandatory
redemption or transfer of such person’s equity securities. 
 As part of obtaining real money gaming licenses, the responsible
gaming authority will generally determine suitability of certain directors, officers and employees and, in some instances, significant
shareholders. The criteria used by gaming authorities to make determinations as to who requires a finding of suitability or the
suitability of an applicant to conduct gaming operations varies among jurisdictions, but generally requires extensive and detailed
application disclosures followed by a thorough investigation. If any gaming authority with jurisdiction over our business were
to find an applicable officer, director, employee or significant shareholder of ours unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to
continue having a relationship with us, we would be required to sever our relationship with that person. Furthermore, such gaming
authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file required applications. Either result could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and prospects. 
 In addition, our
amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that any of our common stock or other equity securities owned or controlled
by any stockholder whom the Board determines in good faith (following consultation with reputable outside gaming regulatory counsel),
pursuant to a resolution adopted by the unanimous affirmative vote of all of the disinterested members of the Board, is an unsuitable
person, will be subject to mandatory sale and transfer to either us or one or more third-party transferees. 
 Additionally, a gaming
regulatory body may refuse to issue or renew a gaming license or restrict or condition the same, based on our present activities
or the past activities of DraftKings or SBT, or the past or present activities of their or our current or former directors, officers,
employees, shareholders or third parties with whom we have relationships, which could adversely affect our operations or financial
condition. If additional gaming regulations are adopted in a jurisdiction in which we operate, such regulations could impose restrictions
or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us. From time to time, various proposals are introduced in the legislatures
of some of the jurisdictions in which we have existing or planned operations that, if enacted, could adversely affect our directors,
officers, key employees, or other aspects of our operations. To date, we have obtained all governmental licenses, findings of
suitability, registrations, permits and approvals necessary for our operations. However, we can give no assurance that any additional
licenses, permits and approvals that may be required will be given or that existing ones will be renewed or will not be revoked.
Renewal is subject to, among other things, continued satisfaction of suitability requirements of our directors, officers, key
employees and shareholders. Any failure to renew or maintain our licenses or to receive new licenses when necessary would have
a material adverse effect on us. 
 Due to the nature of our business,
we are subject to taxation in a number of jurisdictions and changes in, or new interpretations of, tax laws, tax rulings or their
application by tax authorities could result in additional tax liabilities and could materially affect our financial condition
and results of operations. We are also subject to periodic audits and examinations by the IRS, as well as state and local taxing
authorities, the results of which may materially impact our financial statements in the period in which the audit or examination
occurs. 
 Our tax obligations
will be varied and include U.S. federal, state and international taxes due to the nature of our business. The tax laws that will
be applicable to our business are subject to interpretation, and significant judgment will be required in determining our worldwide
provision for income taxes. In the course of our business, there will be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain. For example, compliance with the 2017 United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”)
may require the collection of information not regularly produced within our Company, the use of estimates in our consolidated
financial statements, and the exercise of significant judgment in accounting for its provisions. As regulations and guidance evolve
with respect to the TCJA, and as we gather more information and perform more analysis, our results may differ from previous estimates
and may materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 The gaming industry
represents a significant source of tax revenue to the jurisdictions in which we will operate. Gaming companies and business-to-business
providers in the gaming industry (directly and/or indirectly by way of their commercial relationships with operators) are currently
subject to significant taxes and fees in addition to normal corporate income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase
at any time. From time to time, various legislators and other government officials have proposed and adopted changes in tax laws,
or in the administration or interpretation of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. In addition, any worsening of economic
conditions and the large number of jurisdictions with significant current or projected budget deficits could intensify the efforts
of governments to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes and/or other taxes. It is not possible to determine with certainty
the likelihood of changes in tax laws or in the administration or interpretation or enforcement of such laws. Any material increase,
or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 
 Additionally, tax
authorities may impose indirect taxes on Internet-related commercial activity based on existing statutes and regulations which,
in some cases, were established prior to the advent of the Internet. Tax authorities may interpret laws originally enacted for
mature industries and apply it to newer industries, such as DraftKings. The application of such laws may be inconsistent from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our in-jurisdiction activities may vary from period to period which could result in differences
in nexus from period to period. 
 We are subject to
periodic review and audit by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions DraftKings
or SBT has taken or that we will take, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe that our tax provisions, positions and estimates are reasonable
and appropriate, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken. In addition, economic and political pressures
to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes favorably more difficult. We are currently under
IRS audit for prior tax years, with the primary unresolved issues relating to excise taxation of fantasy sports contests and informational
reporting and withholding. The final resolution of that audit, and other audits or litigation, may differ from the amounts recorded
in Old DK’s consolidated financial statements included herein and may materially affect our consolidated financial statements
in the period or periods in which that determination is made. 
 Although SBT’s
corporate and tax structure resulted in relatively low effective corporate tax rate for the business, we cannot guarantee the same
tax efficiency due to the change in corporate structures, as well as developments in the cross-border taxation of international
businesses with particular focus on the digital economy, as contemplated under The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting initiative and transfer pricing legislation. Further, in light of such structure, we may be exposed
to a substantial tax liability if the relevant authorities raise claims with regards to SBT’s tax status in various jurisdictions,
including in particular the manner in which it allocated or allocates profit amongst relevant jurisdictions for tax purposes. 
 Failure to protect or enforce our
intellectual property rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could harm our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 
 We rely on trademark,
copyright, patent, trade secret, and domain-name-protection laws to protect our proprietary rights. In the United States and internationally,
we have filed various applications to protect aspects of our intellectual property, and currently hold a number of issued patents
in multiple jurisdictions. In the future we may acquire additional patents or patent portfolios, which could require significant
cash expenditures. However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge
proprietary rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. In addition, effective
intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we operate or intend to operate our business.
In any of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights.
There can be no assurance that others will not offer products or services that are substantially similar to ours and compete with
our business. 
 Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our
intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States
or other countries from which our DFS, Sportsbook and iGaming product offerings are accessible. Also, the efforts we have taken
to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights
could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming.
Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business, thereby harming our
operating results. Furthermore, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights or prevent unauthorized use or appropriation
by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively
mimic our offerings and service. Any of these events could seriously harm our business. 
 We rely on licenses to use the intellectual
property rights of third parties which are incorporated into our products and services. Failure to renew or expand existing licenses
may require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings, which could materially affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 We rely on products,
technologies and intellectual property that we license from third parties, for use in our business-to-business and business-to-consumers
offerings. Substantially all of our offerings and services use intellectual property licensed from third parties. The future success
of our business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular technologies and games
in a competitive market. We cannot assure that these third-party licenses, or support for such licensed products and technologies,
will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand
existing licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the products that include or incorporate the licensed
intellectual property. 
 Some of our license
agreements contain minimum guaranteed royalty payments to the third party. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue to
offset the minimum guaranteed royalty payments, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows
and financial condition. Our license agreements generally allow for assignment in the event of a strategic transaction but contain
some limited termination rights post-assignment. Certain of our license agreements grant the licensor rights to audit our use
of their intellectual property. Disputes with licensors over uses or terms could result in the payment of additional royalties
or penalties by us, cancellation or non-renewal of the underlying license or litigation. 
 The regulatory review
process and licensing requirements also may preclude us from using technologies owned or developed by third parties if those parties
are unwilling to subject themselves to regulatory review or do not meet regulatory requirements. Some gaming authorities require
gaming manufacturers to obtain approval before engaging in certain transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers, reorganizations,
financings, stock offerings and share repurchases. Obtaining such approvals can be costly and time consuming, and we cannot assure
that such approvals will be granted or that the approval process will not result in delays or disruptions to our strategic objectives. 
 Our insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage
against claims. 
 We maintain insurance
that we believe is customary for businesses of our size and type. However, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot
be insured against or that we believe are not economically reasonable to insure. Moreover, any loss incurred could exceed policy
limits and policy payments made to us may not be made on a timely basis. Such losses could adversely affect our business prospects,
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Risk Factors Relating to the Integration
of DraftKings’ and SBTech’s Businesses 
 While we work to integrate the DraftKings
and SBT businesses and operations, management’s focus and resources may be diverted from operational matters and other strategic
opportunities. 
 Successful integration of SBT’s operations, sports betting
and gaming technology and personnel into those of DraftKings places an additional burden on management and other internal resources.
The diversion of management’s attention and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could
harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, uncertainty about the effect of the Business
Combination on our systems, employees, customers, partners, and other third parties, including regulators, may have an adverse
effect on us. These uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel for some time after the
Business Combination. 
 Furthermore,
the overall integration of the businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses,
and loss of customers and other relationships. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others,
difficulties in integrating operations and systems; conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies,
business cultures and compensation structures; assimilating employees, including possible culture conflicts and different opinions
on technical decisions and product roadmaps; managing the expanded operations of a larger and more complex company, including
coordinating a geographically dispersed organization; and keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers. Many of these
factors will be outside our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues
and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 
 We may incur successor liabilities
due to conduct arising prior to the completion of the Business Combination. 
 We may be subject
to certain liabilities of DraftKings and SBT. DraftKings and SBT at times may each become subject to litigation claims in the
operation of its business, including, but not limited to, with respect to employee matters and contract matters. From time to
time, we may also face intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or invalidity/non-infringement claims from third
parties, and some of these claims may lead to litigation. We may initiate claims to assert or defend their own intellectual property
against third parties. Any litigation may be expensive and time-consuming and could divert management’s attention from its
business and negatively affect its operating results or financial condition. The outcome of any litigation cannot be guaranteed,
and adverse outcomes can affect us negatively. 
 We may also face
inquiry and investigation by governmental authorities, which could in turn lead to fines, as the regulatory landscape of sport
betting and iGaming changes. 
 Although we expect that the Business
Combination will produce substantial synergies, the integration of the two companies, incorporated in different countries, with
geographically dispersed operations, and with different business cultures and compensation structures, presents management
challenges. There can be no assurance that this integration, and the synergies expected to result from that integration, will
be achieved as rapidly or to the extent currently anticipated. 
 The Business Combination
involved the integration of two businesses that previously operated as independent businesses. We are devoting management attention
and resources to integrating the businesses. We may encounter potential difficulties in the integration process including the
following: 
 the
                                         inability to successfully integrate the two businesses, including operations, technologies,
                                         products and services, in a manner that permits us to achieve the cost savings and operating
                                         synergies anticipated to result from the Business Combination, which could result in
                                         the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination not being realized partly or wholly
                                         in the time frame currently anticipated or at all; 
 the
                                         loss of customers as a result of certain customers of either or both of the businesses
                                         deciding not to continue to do business with us, or deciding to decrease their amount
                                         of business in order to reduce their reliance on a single company; 
 the
                                         necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 
 potential
                                         unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the Business Combination; 
 the
                                         integration of personnel with diverse business backgrounds and business cultures, while
                                         maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and services; 
 the consolidation and rationalization of information technology
and administrative infrastructures as well as accounting systems and related financial reporting activities; 
 the
                                         potential weakening of relationships with regulators; and 
 the
                                         challenge of preserving important relationships and resolving potential conflicts that
                                         may arise. 
 Furthermore, it is
possible that the integration process could result in the loss of talented employees or skilled workers. The loss of talented
employees and skilled workers could adversely affect our ability to successfully conduct our businesses because of such employees’
experience and knowledge of the respective business. In addition, we could be adversely affected by the diversion of management’s
attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the integration of DraftKings and SBT. The process of
integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of the businesses. If we experience
difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination may not be realized fully or at
all, or may take longer to realize than expected. These integration matters could have an adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, financial condition or prospects during this transition period and for an undetermined period after completion
of the Business Combination. 
 Our business now includes a B2B
business model, primarily in international jurisdictions, which business depends on the underlying financial performance of our
direct operators and its resellers. As a material part of SBT’s revenue has been generated through resellers and direct
sales to operators, a decline in such resellers’ or direct operators’ financial performance or a termination of some
or all of the agreements with such resellers or operators could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 SBT historically offered its services directly to operators
in Europe and through a reseller model in Asia. SBT’s historical financial performance depended on the underlying financial
performance of its direct operators and its resellers. For example, SBT relied primarily on one reseller for approximately 52%
of SBT’s revenue in the year ended December 31, 2020 (excludes SBT activity that occurred prior to the Business Combination
on April 23, 2020). An adverse decline in the underlying financial performance of key SBT operators or resellers, or a termination
of some or all of the agreements with such resellers or operators, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Given the increased number of jurisdictions in which
we operate, we may experience delays in the licensing application and approval process, depending on the regulatory requirements
in each relevant jurisdiction. 
 Regulated gaming
license applications frequently involve an in-depth suitability review of the applicant’s business and associated individuals
including certain officers, directors, key employees and significant shareholders. These applications take substantial time to
prepare and submit, often requiring the production of multiple years’ worth of business and personal financial records and
disclosures which take considerable time to compile, followed by the regulator’s investigatory process which may take months
or even years to complete. Due to the increased number of jurisdictions in which we now operate, as well as additional jurisdictions
which may pass laws authorizing and requiring licensure to operate sports betting, iGaming or daily fantasy sports, we may experience
delays in the licensing application and approval process due to the volume of application materials we must prepare and submit
and the number of jurisdictions for which information is required. Many jurisdictions in which we are already licensed will require
additional applications and disclosures as a result of the Business Combination which may also contribute to delays in the licensing
application and approval process in additional jurisdictions. 
 SBT has historically relied on a
less formal financial reporting system and only began integrating a group-wide consistent financial reporting system in 2018,
which may affect our ability to report historical financial performance accurately. 
 In January 2018,
SBT implemented a global enterprise resource planning system which produces periodic consolidated financial reports. Prior to
January 2018, SBT relied on internally generated financial reporting which was an amalgamation of several financial booking
systems. It is possible that historical financial information was not fully aligned from the less formal system to the new system,
which could affect the accuracy of historical financial information. 
 SBT’s business, which includes
significant international operations, is likely to expose us to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. As a result,
changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar in relation to other currencies could have positive or negative effects on our profit
and financial position. 
 SBT’s global
operations are likely to expose us to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. Currency transaction risk occurs in
conjunction with purchases and sales of products and services that are made in currencies other than the local currency of the
subsidiary involved, for example if the parent company pays, or transfers U.S. dollars to a subsidiary in order to fund its expenses
in local currencies. Currency translation risks occurs when the income statement and balance sheet of a foreign subsidiary is
converted into currencies other than the local currency of the company involved, for example when the results of these subsidiaries
are consolidated in the results of a parent company with a different reporting currency. As a result, SBT historically was, and
we are expected to be, exposed to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which may adversely impact our financial
positions and results of operations. 
 Our functional currency
is the U.S. dollar, and as a result, we will be subject to foreign currency fluctuation due to SBT’s global presence and
the fact that a significant majority of its revenues, operating expenses and assets and liabilities were non-U.S. dollar denominated.
For example, an increase in the value of non-U.S. dollar currencies against the U.S. dollar could increase costs for delivery
of products, services and also increase cost of local operating expenses and procurement of materials or services that we must
purchase in foreign currencies by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in such local currencies. These risks
related to exchange rate fluctuations may increase in future periods as our operations outside of the United States expand. 
 Our foreign currency exposure reflects SBT’s historical
operations, which have been primarily in Euro (reflecting nearly over 85% of its revenue in all reporting periods), which was SBT’s
functional and reporting currency, and the British pound (which accounted for 7.0%, 10.2% and 5.0% of SBT’s revenue in the
years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively). SBT historically did not hedge its foreign currency transaction
or translation exposure, though we may consider doing so in the future. Foreign currency exchange rate volatility, as well as the
cost of any hedging arrangements entered into in the future, may negatively affect our financial position and results of operations,
and may adversely impact the comparability of results between periods. 
 We currently depend on the Kambi
platform to operate our Sportsbook, and we intend to transition these operations to the SBT technology over time. As we plan and
implement this transition, we may face a range of issues including the possibility that we may suffer service disruptions or impediments
that make it more difficult for our customers to access our product offerings, all which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently
depend on Kambi and its platform to operate our Sportsbook product offering; however, we intend to transition Sportsbook to
SBT technology over time. Any transition of Sportsbook technology currently provided by Kambi to that of SBT will be
difficult to implement and could cause us to incur significant time and expense. Pursuant to an addendum entered into on
July 23, 2020, we committed to pay Kambi for use of its platform until September 30, 2021. Until such time, any
significant disruption of, or interference with, our use of Kambi would negatively impact our operations and our business
could be seriously harmed. If our users are not able to access Sportsbook or encounter difficulties in doing so, we may lose
users, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, Kambi
may take actions beyond our control that could seriously harm our business, including discontinuing or limiting our access to
its sports betting platform; increasing pricing terms; terminating or seeking to terminate our contractual relationship altogether;
establishing more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors; or modifying or interpreting its terms of service
or other policies in a manner that impacts our ability to run our business and operations. 
 Risk Factors Relating to Our Common
Stock 
 The trading price of our Class A
common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price
of our Class A common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response
to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect
on your investment in our Class A common stock and our Class A common stock may trade at prices significantly below
the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further
decline. 
 Factors affecting the trading price of
our Class A common stock may include: 
 actual
                                         or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial
                                         results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes
                                         in the market’s expectations about our operating results; 
 success
                                         of competitors; 
 lack
                                         of adjacent competitors; 
 our
                                         operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors
                                         in a particular period; 
 changes
                                         in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning DraftKings
                                         or the industries in which we operate in general; 
 operating
                                         and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 our
                                         ability to market new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis; 
 changes
                                         in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 commencement
                                         of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 changes
                                         in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of
                                         additional debt; 
 the
                                         volume of shares of our Class A common stock available for public sale; 
 any
                                         major change in our board or management; 
 sales
                                         of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock by our directors, executive officers
                                         or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 general
                                         economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international
                                         currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 
 Broad market and
industry factors may materially harm the market price of our Class A common stock irrespective of our operating performance.
The stock market in general, and The Nasdaq Stock Market, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. The trading prices and valuations of these
stocks, and of our Class A common stock, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks
of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects,
financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our Class A common stock also could adversely
affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of
Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the market price for
our Class A common stock to decline. 
 The sale of shares
of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing
market price of shares of our Class A common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might
make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 There were a total
of 396.3 million shares of our Class A common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020. In addition, we have reserved
a total of 52.2 million shares of Class A common stock for issuance under the DraftKings Inc. 2020 Incentive Plan (the “Incentive
Plan”) and 5.8 million shares under the DraftKings Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”). Additionally, each
of our Incentive Plan and ESPP currently provide for an automatic increase in the number of shares that will be reserved for issuance.
Any shares of Class A common stock that we issue under our Incentive Plan, ESPP or other equity incentive plans that we may
adopt in the future would dilute the percentage ownership held by holders of Class A common stock. 
 In connection with
the Business Combination and equity offerings by the Company, we, our executive officers and directors and selling stockholders
entered into agreements restricting their ability to sell their shares of Class A common stock. As restrictions on resale
have ended or if these stockholders exercise their sale, exchange or registration rights and sell shares or are perceived by the
market as intending to sell shares, the market price of our shares of Class A common stock could drop significantly. These
factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our shares of Class A
common stock or other securities. 
 In the future, we
may also issue securities in connection with investments, acquisitions or capital raising activities. In particular, the number
of shares of our Class A common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition, or to raise additional equity
capital, could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our Class A common stock. Any such issuance
of additional securities in the future may result in additional dilution to you or may adversely impact the price of our Class A
common stock. 
 We may be required to take write-downs
or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 We may be forced
to write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses.
Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges
of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature
may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject. Accordingly, a stockholder could suffer a reduction
in the value of their shares. 
 The coverage of our business or
our Class A common stock by securities or industry analysts or the absence thereof could adversely affect our securities
and trading volume. 
 The trading market
for our Class A common stock is influenced in part by the research and other reports that industry or securities analysts
publish about us or our business or industry from time to time. We do not control these analysts, or the content and opinions
included in their reports. Analysts who publish information about our securities may have had relatively little experience with
our company given our history, which could affect their ability to accurately forecast our results and make it more likely that
we fail to meet their estimates. If analysts do cover us and one or more of them downgrade our securities, or if they issue other
unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or inaccurate research, our stock price would likely decline. Furthermore, if
one or more of these analysts cease coverage or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets. Any of the foregoing would likely cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 Because we are a “controlled
company” under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, our stockholders may not have certain corporate governance protections
that are available to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. 
 So long as more than
50% of the voting power for the election of directors of DraftKings is held by an individual, a group or another company, we will
qualify as a “controlled company” under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing requirements. Mr. Robins controls a majority
of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, we are a “controlled company” under The Nasdaq Stock
Market listing standards and are not subject to the requirements that would otherwise require us to have: (i) a majority of
independent directors; (ii) a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our
executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee comprised solely of independent
directors; and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board’s selection, either by a majority of the
independent directors or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors. 
 Mr. Robins may
have his interest in DraftKings diluted due to future equity issuances or his own actions in selling shares of Class A common
stock, in each case, which could result in a loss of the “controlled company” exemption under The Nasdaq Stock Market
listing rules. We would then be required to comply with those provisions of The Nasdaq Stock Market listing requirements. 
 Our dual class structure has the
effect of concentrating voting power with our Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, which limits an investor’s ability
to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 Shares of our Class B
common stock have 10 votes per share, while shares of our Class A common stock have one vote per share. Mr. Robins,
one of the founders of DraftKings, holds all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. Accordingly,
Mr. Robins holds approximately 90% of the voting power of our capital stock on a fully-diluted basis and will be able to
control matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational
documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions.
Mr. Robins may have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree, and which may be adverse
to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of DraftKings,
could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of DraftKings,
and might ultimately affect the market price of shares of our Class A common stock. 
 Our dual class structure may affect
the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our dual class structure
may result in volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock whether due to adverse publicity or reaction from
institutional or other investors or proxy advisory firms. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on
including companies with multiple- class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell and S&P
Dow Jones announced that they would cease to allow most newly public companies with dual or multi-class capital structures to
be included in their indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap
600, which together make up the S&P Composite 1500. Beginning in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public
consultations on their treatment of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from certain
of its indices; however, in October 2018, MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities “with unequal voting
structures” in its indices and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria.
Under the announced policies, our dual class capital structure would make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices, and
as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices will
not be investing in our stock. These policies are still fairly new and it is as of yet unclear what effect, if any, they will
have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from the indices, but it is possible that they may depress these
valuations compared to those of other similar companies that are included. Because of our dual class structure, we have been and
will likely continue to be excluded from certain of these indexes and we cannot assure you that other stock indexes will not take
similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indexes, exclusion
from stock indexes would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make shares of our Class A common stock
less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of shares of our Class A common stock could be adversely
affected. 
 Nevada law and provisions our amended
and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws could make a takeover proposal more difficult. 
 Our organizational
documents are governed by Nevada law. Certain provisions of Nevada law and of our amended and restated articles of incorporation
and bylaws could discourage, delay, defer or prevent a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other change of control transaction
that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market
price for the shares of Class A common stock held by our stockholders. These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 the
                                         ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 
 stockholder
                                         action by written consent only until the first time when Mr. Robins ceases to beneficially
                                         own a majority of the voting power of our capital stock; 
 certain
                                         limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; 
 advance
                                         notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters
                                         to be considered at our annual meetings; 
 amendment of certain provisions of the organizational documents
only by the affirmative vote of (i) a majority of the voting power of our capital stock so long as Mr. Robins beneficially
owns shares representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock and (ii) at least two-thirds of the voting power
of the capital stock from and after the time that Mr. Robins ceases to beneficially own shares representing a majority of
the voting power of our voting stock; and 
 a
                                         dual class common stock structure, which provides Mr. Robins with the ability to
                                         control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even though Mr. Robins
                                         owns less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. 
 These anti-takeover
provisions as well as certain provisions of Nevada law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire DraftKings, even
if the third party’s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be
limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. If prospective takeovers are not consummated for any reason, we
may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the price of our common stock. These
provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors of their choosing
and to cause us to take other corporate actions. 
 Our amended and restated articles
of incorporation designate the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada as the exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit stockholders’ ability to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 
 Our amended and restated
articles of incorporation require that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we otherwise consent in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada (or if the Eighth Judicial District
Court of Clark County, Nevada does not have jurisdiction, any other state district court located in the State of Nevada, and if
no state district court in the State of Nevada has jurisdiction, any federal court located in the State of Nevada), will be the
exclusive forum for each of the following: 
 any
                                         action or proceeding brought in the name or right of DraftKings or on its behalf; 
 any
                                         action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer,
                                         employee or agent of DraftKings to DraftKings or its stockholders; 
 any
                                         action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of NRS Chapters 78 or 92A,
                                         our amended and restated articles of incorporation or our bylaws; 
 any
                                         action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our amended and restated
                                         articles of incorporation or our bylaws; or 
 any
                                         action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 The exclusive forum
provision provides federal courts located in the State of Nevada as the forum for suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
for which Section 27 of the Exchange Act establishes exclusive jurisdiction with the federal courts, or any other claim for
which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides that federal
and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction over lawsuits brought the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
To the extent the exclusive forum provision restricts the courts in which claims arising under the Securities Act may be brought,
there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with
the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision will benefit DraftKings
by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision
may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.