There are many factors that affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, some of which are beyond our control. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risks described below. Such risks are grouped according to: \n ● Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry; and \n ● Risks Related to Our Regulatory and Litigation Environment \n You should carefully consider all of these risks. \n Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry \n Global economic downturns or slower growth or declines in the money transfer, payment service, and other markets in which we operate, including downturns or declines related to interruptions in migration patterns, and difficult conditions in global financial markets and financial market disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. \n The global economy has experienced in recent years, and may experience, downturns, volatility and disruption, and we face certain risks relating to such events, including: \n ● Demand for our services could soften, including due to low consumer confidence, high unemployment, changes in foreign exchange rates, reduced global trade, including from trade disruptions or trade restrictions, or other events, such as civil unrest, war, terrorism, natural disasters, or public health emergencies or epidemics (including, but not limited to, the coronavirus outbreak). \n ● Our Consumer-to-Consumer money transfer business relies in large part on migration, which brings workers to countries with greater economic opportunities than those available in their native countries. A significant portion of money transfers are sent by international migrants. Migration is affected by (among other factors) overall economic conditions, the availability of job opportunities, changes in immigration laws, restrictions on immigration, and political or other events (such as civil unrest, war, terrorism, natural disasters, or public health emergencies or epidemics) that would make it more difficult for workers to migrate or work abroad. Changes to these factors could adversely affect our remittance volume and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. \n ● Many of our consumers work in industries that may be impacted by deteriorating economic conditions more quickly or significantly than other industries. The prospect of reduced job opportunities, especially in retail, healthcare, construction, hospitality, and technology industries, or weakness in the regional economies could adversely affect the number of money transfer transactions, the principal amounts transferred and correspondingly our results of operations. If general market softness in the economies of countries important to migrant workers occurs, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, if our consumer transactions decline, if the amount of money that consumers send per transaction declines, or if migration patterns shift due to weak or deteriorating economic conditions or immigration laws, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected. \n ● Our agents or clients could experience reduced sales or business as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, our agents could reduce their numbers of locations or hours of operation, or cease doing business altogether. Businesses using our services may make fewer cross-currency payments or may have fewer customers making payments to them through us, particularly businesses in those industries that may be more affected by an economic downturn.