The following is a summary of certain key risk factors with respect to our Company. You should read this summary together with the more detailed descriptions of risks relating to our Company below. \n Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry \n ● Demand for our services is dependent on a number of factors that could be materially impacted by adverse changes in the global economy, including related to the COVID-19 pandemic. \n ● We operate in highly competitive and rapidly evolving industries and face competition from a wide variety of service providers. \n ● Our business depends on consumer confidence, which could be adversely affected by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. \n ● Our Consumer-to-Consumer business is highly dependent on our ability to maintain our agent network under terms consistent with or more advantageous than those currently in place. \n ● Our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. \n ● We are a global company and accordingly are subject to a number of risks related to our international operations. \n ● As a company that transfers and retains large amounts of confidential and personal information, we are exposed to risks relating to ensuring such information is not improperly used or disclosed. \n ● Our ability to provide reliable service largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer information systems and those of our service providers. \n ● We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from restructuring and related initiatives. \n ● We face credit, liquidity, and fraud risks from our agents, consumers, businesses, and third-party processors. \n ● Changes in tax laws, or their interpretation, or unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies could adversely affect our tax expense. \n ● Our ability to remain competitive depends in part on our ability to protect our trademarks, patents, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights and to defend ourselves against potential intellectual property infringement claims. \n Risks Relating to Our Regulatory and Litigation Environment \n ● Our services are subject to increasingly strict legal and regulatory requirements, including those intended to help detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, and other illicit activity. \n ● The laws and regulations governing our business are frequently changing and evolving and could require changes in our business model and increase our costs of operations. \n ● The changes in our compliance program required by the consent orders and settlement agreements to which we are party have had, and may continue to have, adverse effects on our business.