You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties associated with our company and the ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks occur, our business and/or financial performance could be materially adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business and/or financial performance. \n Industry and Operational Risks \n We operate in an increasingly competitive global environment. \n The market for the services we offer is increasingly and intensely competitive. We compete with both established and emerging online and traditional providers of travel-related services, including: \n • Online and traditional travel agencies, wholesalers and tour operators; \n • Travel product suppliers, including hotels, airlines and car rental companies; \n • Search engines and large online portal websites; \n • Travel metasearch services; \n • Corporate travel management service providers; \n • Mobile platform travel applications; \n • Social media websites; \n • eCommerce and group buying websites; \n • Alternative accommodation websites; and \n • Other participants in the travel industry. \n Online and traditional travel agencies : We face increasing competition from other online travel agencies (“OTAs”) in many regions, such as Booking Holdings and its subsidiaries Booking.com and Agoda.com, and Trip.com, which in some cases may have more favorable offerings for travelers or suppliers, including pricing and supply breadth. In addition, our OTA competitors are increasingly expanding the range of travel services they offer and the global OTA segment continues to consolidate, with certain competitors merging or forming strategic partnerships. We also compete with traditional travel agencies (operating both offline and online), wholesalers and tour operators for both travelers and the acquisition and retention of supply. \n Travel suppliers: Travel suppliers may offer products and services on more favorable terms to consumers who transact directly with them. Many of these competitors, such as hotels, airlines and rental car companies, have been steadily focusing on increasing online demand on their own websites and mobile applications in lieu of third-party distributors such as the various Expedia Group sites. For instance, several large hotel chains have combined to establish a single online hotel search platform with links directly to their own websites and mobile applications, some low-cost airlines, which are having increasing success in the marketplace, distribute their online supply exclusively through their own websites, and some airlines have attempted to apply or may apply surcharges for bookings made outside their own websites. In recent years, certain hotel chains have launched advertising campaigns expressly designed to drive consumer traffic directly to their websites. Suppliers who sell on their own websites, in some instances, offer advantages such as favorable rates, increased or exclusive product availability, complimentary Wi-Fi, and their own bonus miles or loyalty points, or in the case of airlines promote hotel supply at their websites, which could make their offerings more attractive to consumers than ours. Consolidation of travel suppliers may tend to exacerbate such negative effects on our businesses. \n Search engines and large online portal websites: We also face increasing competition from Google and other search engines. There could be a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance to the extent that Google uses its market position to: \n • Disintermediate online travel agencies or travel content providers by offering comprehensive travel planning, shopping or booking capabilities; \n • Increasingly refer customers directly to suppliers or other favored partners; \n • Increase the cost of traffic directed to our websites: \n • Offer the ability to transact on their own website; or \n • Promote their own competing products by placing their own offerings at the top of organic search results. \n In recent years search engines have increased their focus on acquiring or launching travel products that provide increasingly comprehensive travel planning content and direct booking capabilities, comparable to OTAs. For example, Google has continued to add features and functionality to its travel metasearch products (“Google Travel”, “Google Flights”, and “Hotel Ads”), which are growing rapidly, and has integrated reservation functionality into the Hotel Ads product. In addition, Google may be able to leverage the data they collect on users to the detriment of us and other OTAs. Search engines also may continue to expand their voice and artificial intelligence capabilities. To the extent these actions have a negative effect on our search traffic or the cost of acquiring such traffic, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. \n In addition, our brands, or brands in which we hold a significant ownership position, including trivago, compete for advertising revenue with these search engines, as well as with large internet portal sites that offer advertising opportunities for travel-related companies. Several of these competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and larger client bases than we do. We expect to face additional competition as other established and emerging companies enter the online advertising market. Competition could result in higher traffic acquisition costs, reduced margins on our advertising services, loss of market share, reduced customer traffic to our websites and reduced advertising by travel companies on our websites. \n Travel metasearch websites: Travel metasearch websites, including Kayak.com (a subsidiary of Booking Holdings), trivago (a majority-owned subsidiary of Expedia Group), TripAdvisor, Skyscanner and Qunar (both are subsidiaries of Trip.com), aggregate travel search results for a specific itinerary across supplier, travel agent and other websites. In addition, some metasearch websites have added or intend to add various forms of direct or assisted booking functionality to their sites in direct competition with certain of our brands. To the extent metasearch websites limit our participation within their search results, or consumers utilize a metasearch website for travel services and bookings instead of ours, our traffic-generating arrangements could be affected in a negative manner, or we may be required to increase our marketing costs to maintain market share, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, as a result of our majority ownership interest in trivago, we also now compete more directly with other metasearch engines and content aggregators for advertising revenue. To the extent that trivago’s ability to aggregate travel search results for a specific itinerary across supplier, travel agent and other websites is hampered, whether due to its affiliation with us or otherwise, or if OTA \n advertisers or suppliers choose to limit their participation in trivago’s metasearch marketplace, trivago’s business and therefore our results of operations could be adversely affected and the value of our investment in trivago could be negatively impacted. \n Corporate travel management service providers: Egencia, our full-service corporate travel management company, competes with online and traditional corporate travel providers, including Carlson Wagonlit and American Express Global Business Travel (GBT), as well as vendors of corporate travel and expense management software and services, including Concur. Some of these competitors may have more financial resources, greater name recognition, well-established client bases, differentiated business models or a broader global presence, which may make it difficult for us to retain or attract new corporate travel clients. \n Mobile and other platform travel applications: The demand for and functionality of smartphones, tablet computers and home assistants continue to grow and improve significantly. If we are unable to offer innovative, user-friendly, feature-rich mobile applications and mobile-responsive websites for our travel services, along with effective marketing and advertising, or if our mobile applications and mobile-responsive websites are not used by consumers, we could lose market share to existing competitors or new entrants and our future growth and results of operations could be adversely affected. \n Applications and social media websites: Applications and social media websites, including Facebook, continue to develop search functionality for data included within their websites and mobile applications, which may in the future develop into an alternative research and booking resource for travelers, resulting in additional competition. \n eCommerce and group buying websites: Traditional consumer eCommerce platforms, including Amazon and Alibaba, and group buying websites have periodically undertaken efforts to expand their local offerings into the travel market. For example, traditional consumer eCommerce and group buying websites may add hotel offers or other travel services to their sites. To the extent our travelers use these websites, these websites may create additional competition and could negatively affect our businesses. \n Alternative accommodations: Airbnb, Booking Holdings and other providers of alternative accommodations that facilitate the short-term rental of homes and apartments from owners, provide an alternative to hotel rooms and compete with alternative accommodation properties available through Expedia Group brands, including Vrbo. The continued growth of alternative accommodation sources could affect overall travel patterns generally and the demand for our services specifically in facilitating reservations at hotels and alternative accommodations. Furthermore, Airbnb and similar websites could increasingly look to add other travel services, such as tours, activities, hotel and flight bookings, any of which could further extend their reach into the travel market as they seek to compete with the traditional OTAs. \n Other participants in the travel industry: Other participants or existing competitors may begin to offer or expand other services to the travel industry that compete with the services we offer to our travelers, our travel industry affiliates and partners, or our corporate clients. For example, ride-sharing apps increasingly compete with traditional car rental services and travel services continue to proliferate. To the extent any of these services gain market share over time, it may create additional competition and could negatively affect our businesses. \n We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against any current, emerging and future competitors or on platforms that may emerge, or provide differentiated products and services to our traveler base. Increasing competition from current and emerging competitors, the introduction of new technologies and the continued expansion of existing technologies, such as metasearch and other search engine technologies, may force us to make changes to our business models, which could affect our financial performance and liquidity. \n In general, increased competition has resulted in and may continue to result in reduced margins, as well as loss of travelers, transactions and brand recognition. \n The industry in which we operate is dynamic. \n We continue to adapt our business to remain competitive, including investing in evolving channels and platforms offering new consumer choices, including inventory types and transactional models, as well as increasing supplier inventory on our existing platforms. If we fail to appropriately adapt to competitive or consumer preference developments, our business could be adversely affected. Our attempts to adapt our current business models or practices or adopt new business models and practices in order to compete may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, different legal or tax requirements, inadequate return on investments, difficulties and expenses associated with the integration of acquired brands and their inventory onto our platforms, as well as limiting our ability to develop new site features. In addition, adaptations to our business may require significant investments, including changes to our financial systems and processes, which could significantly increase our costs and increase the risk of payment delays and/or non-payments of amounts owed to us from our supplier partners and customers. In addition, these new initiatives may not be successful and may harm our financial condition and operating results. \n Our business could be negatively affected by changes in search engine algorithms and dynamics or other traffic-generating arrangements. \n We rely heavily on internet search engines such as Google through the purchase of travel-related keywords and through organic search, to generate a significant portion of the traffic to our websites and the websites of our affiliates. Search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the placement or cost of links to our websites and those of our affiliates can be negatively affected. In addition, a significant amount of traffic is directed to our websites and those of our affiliates through participation in pay-per-click and display advertising campaigns on search engines, including Google, and travel metasearch websites, including Kayak, TripAdvisor and trivago. Pricing and operating dynamics for these traffic sources can change rapidly, both technically and competitively. Moreover, a search or metasearch engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or display of results which could cause a website to place lower in search query results or inhibit participation in the search query results. In particular, Google has in the past, and may continue to in the future, change its algorithms or results in a manner that has negatively affected the search engine ranking, paid and unpaid, of our websites and the websites of our affiliates and those of our third-party distribution partners, which has adversely impacted our business and financial performance. Google has also increasingly added its own travel search functionality and content at the expense of traditional paid listings and organic search results, which may continue to reduce the amount of traffic to our websites or those of our affiliates. If Google or other search or metasearch companies continue to pursue these or similar strategies, which is out of our control, or we do not successfully manage our paid and unpaid search strategies, we could face a significant decrease in traffic to our websites and/or increased costs related to replacing unpaid traffic with paid traffic. \n Our business depends on our relationships with travel suppliers and travel distribution partners. \n An important component of our business success depends on our ability to maintain and expand relationships with travel suppliers (including owners and managers of alternative accommodation properties) and GDS partners. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from compensation negotiated with travel suppliers, in particular hotel suppliers, airlines and GDS partners for bookings made through our websites. Each year we typically negotiate or renegotiate numerous supplier contracts. \n No assurances can be given that travel suppliers will elect to participate in our platform, or that our compensation, access to inventory or access to inventory at competitive rates will not be further reduced or eliminated in the future, or that travel suppliers will not reduce the cost of their products or services (for example, average daily rates (“ADRs”) or ticket prices); attempt to implement costly direct connections; charge us for or otherwise restrict access to content; increase credit card fees or fees for other services; fail to provide us with accurate booking information or otherwise take actions that would increase our operating expenses. Any of these actions, or other similar actions, could reduce our revenue and margins thereby adversely affecting our business and financial performance. \n Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. \n Our business and financial performance are affected by the health of the worldwide travel industry. Travel expenditures are sensitive to personal and business-related discretionary spending levels, tending to decline or grow more slowly during economic downturns, as well as to disruptions due to other factors, including those discussed below. Decreased travel expenditures could reduce the demand for our services, thereby causing a reduction in revenue. \n For example, during regional or global recessions domestic and global economic conditions can deteriorate rapidly, resulting in increased unemployment and a reduction in available budgets for both business and leisure travelers, which slow spending on the services we provide and have a negative impact on our revenue growth. Additionally, if individual countries or regions experience deteriorating credit and economic conditions and/or significant fluctuations of currency values relative to other currencies such as the U.S. dollar, it can lead to a negative impact on our foreign denominated net assets, gross bookings, revenues, operating expenses, and net income as expressed in U.S. dollars. \n Further economic weakness and uncertainty may result in significantly decreased spending on our services by both business and leisure travelers, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. Political instability, including the United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union ("Brexit"), bans on travel from certain countries to the United States, geopolitical conflicts, trade disputes, significant fluctuations in currency values, sovereign debt issues and macroeconomic concerns are examples of events that contribute to a somewhat uncertain economic environment, which could have a negative impact on the travel industry in the future. \n Our business is also sensitive to fluctuations in hotel supply, occupancy and ADRs, decreases in airline capacity, periodically rising airline ticket prices and the imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities, all of which we have experienced historically. \n Other factors that could negatively affect our business, potentially materially, include: \n • Travel-related health events, such as the 2019 Novel Coronavirus, Ebola, H1N1, MERS-CoV, SARs, avian flu, or similar outbreaks, which may have global impacts; \n • Significant changes in oil prices; \n • Continued air carrier and hotel chain consolidation; \n • Reduced access to discount airfares; \n • Travel-related strikes or labor unrest, bankruptcies or liquidations; \n • Increased incidents of actual or threatened terrorism; \n • Periods of political instability, geopolitical conflict or heightened local or regional crime activity, resulting in additional restrictions on travel or travelers becoming concerned about safety issues; \n • Uncertainties and effects of Brexit, including financial, legal, tax and trade implications; \n • Natural disasters or events such as severe weather conditions, widespread fires, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes or earthquakes; \n • Changes in regulations, policies or conditions related to sustainability, including climate change; \n • Travel-related accidents or the grounding of aircraft due to safety concerns; and \n • Changes to visa and immigration requirements or border control policies. \n Because these events or concerns, and the full impact of their effects, are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers and decrease demand. D ecrease in demand, depending on its scope and duration, together with any future issues affecting travel safety, could significantly and adversely affect our business, working capital and financial performance over the short and long-term. In addition, the disruption of the existing travel plans of a significant number of travelers upon the occurrence of certain events, such as severe weather conditions, actual or threatened terrorist activity, war or travel-related health events, could result in significant additional costs and decrease our revenues leading to constrained liquidity if we, as we have done historically in the case of severe weather conditions and travel-related health events, provide relief to affected travelers by refunding the price or fees associated with airline tickets, hotel reservations and other travel products and services. \n With respect to the 2019 Novel Coronavirus outbreak specifically, we currently expect that our first quarter 2020 financial results will be negatively impacted, potentially to a material degree. In addition, as of the time of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we expect the 2019 Novel Coronavirus will continue to negatively impact our businesses beyond the first quarter of 2020, but the extent and duration of such impacts over the longer term remain largely uncertain and dependent on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the coronavirus, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions taken, including mobility restrictions, and the impact of these and other factors on travel behavior. \n We rely on the value of our brands, and the costs of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are increasing. \n We invest considerable financial and human resources in our brands in order to retain and expand our customer base in existing and emerging markets. We expect that the cost of maintaining and enhancing our brands will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including: \n • Increased spending from our competitors; \n • Promotional and discounting activities; \n • Our growing customer loyalty programs; \n • Supporting multiple brands and the impact of competition among our multiple brands; \n • Expanding our marketing efforts in certain geographies and developing new products; \n • Inflation in media pricing, including search engine keywords; and \n • Continued emergence of search and metasearch engines. \n In recent years, certain online travel companies and metasearch websites expanded their offline and digital advertising campaigns globally, increasing competition for share of voice, and we expect this activity to continue in the future. We are also pursuing and expect to continue to pursue long-term growth opportunities, particularly in emerging markets, which have had and may continue to have a negative impact on our overall marketing efficiency. \n Our efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands may not be successful, and, even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective, or as efficient as they have been historically, resulting in less direct traffic and increased customer acquisition costs. Moreover, branding efforts with respect to some brands within the Expedia Group portfolio have in the past and may in the future result in marketing inefficiencies and negatively impact growth rates of other brands within our portfolio. In addition, our decisions over allocation of resources and choosing to invest in branding efforts for certain brands in our portfolio at the expense of not investing in, or reducing our investments in, other brands in our portfolio could have an overall negative financial impact. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands and generate demand in a cost-effective manner, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. \n We are subject to payments-related and fraud risks. \n We have agreements with companies that process customer credit and debit card transactions, the volume of which are very large and continue to grow, for the facilitation of customer bookings of travel services from our travel suppliers. These agreements allow these processing companies, under certain conditions, to hold an amount of our cash (referred to as a “holdback”) or require us to otherwise post security equal to a portion of bookings that have been processed by that company. These processing companies may be entitled to a holdback or suspension of processing services upon the occurrence of specified events, including material adverse changes in our financial condition. An imposition of a holdback or suspension of processing services by one or more of our processing companies could materially reduce our liquidity. Moreover, there can be no assurances that the interchange rates or the fees we pay for the processing of customer credit and debit card transactions will not increase which could reduce our revenue thereby adversely affecting our business and financial performance. \n In addition, credit card networks, such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express, have adopted rules and regulations that apply to all merchants who process and accept credit cards and include payment card association operating rules, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, or the PCI DSS. Under these rules, we are required to adopt and implement internal controls over the use, storage and security of card data. We assess our compliance with the PCI DSS rules on a periodic basis and make necessary improvements to our internal controls. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and be liable for card issuing banks’ costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For existing and future payment options we offer to both our customers and suppliers, we are and may increasingly be subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements (including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes, such as the EU’s Payment Services Directive 2), that could result in significant costs to us and our suppliers and reduce the ease of use of our payments options. \n Our results of operations and financial positions have been negatively affected by our acceptance of fraudulent bookings made using credit and debit cards or fraudulently obtained loyalty points. We are sometimes held liable for accepting fraudulent bookings on our websites or other bookings for which payment is subsequently disputed by our customers both of which lead to the reversal of payments received by us for such bookings (referred to as a “charge back”). Accordingly, we calculate and record an allowance for the resulting credit and debit card charge backs. Our ability to detect and combat fraudulent schemes, which have become increasingly common and sophisticated, may be negatively impacted by the adoption of new payment methods, the emergence and innovation of new technology platforms, including smartphones, tablet computers and in-home assistants, and our global expansion, including into markets with a history of elevated fraudulent activity. If we are unable to effectively combat fraudulent bookings on our websites or mobile applications or if we otherwise experience increased levels of charge backs, our results of operations and financial positions could be materially adversely affected. \n In addition, when onboarding suppliers to our websites, we may fail to identify falsified or stolen supplier credentials, which may result in fraudulent bookings or unauthorized access to personal or confidential information of users of our websites and mobile applications. A fraudulent supplier scheme could also result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, and could cause users of our websites and mobile applications to lose confidence in the quality of our services. Any of these events would have a negative effect on the value of our brands, which could have an adverse impact on our financial performance. \n We work closely with various business partners and rely on third-parties for many systems and services, and therefore could be harmed by their activities. \n We could be harmed by the activities of third parties we do not control. We work closely with business partners, including in connection with significant commercial arrangements and joint ventures, and through our Expedia Partner Solutions business. We also rely on third-party service providers for certain customer care, fulfillment, processing, systems development, technology and other services, including, increasingly, travel care and information technology services. If these partners or third-party service providers experience difficulty, fail to meet our requirements or standards or the requirements or standards of applicable laws or governmental authorities, or experience information security breaches affecting our customers it could damage our reputation, make it difficult for us to operate some aspects of our business, or expose us to liability for their \n actions which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. Likewise, if the third-party service providers upon which we rely were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, face financial distress or other business disruption, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to provide similar services until an equivalent service provider could be found or we could develop replacement technology or operations, any of which could also have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. \n Our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally. \n We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international presence. As we have expanded globally, our international (non-U.S.) revenue has increased from 39% in 2010 to 43% in 2019. In foreign jurisdictions, we face complex, dynamic and varied risk landscapes. As we begin to operate in new markets and countries, we must tailor our services, business models and functional compliance structures to the unique circumstances of such countries and markets, which can be complex, difficult, costly and divert management and personnel resources. Laws and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit or limit foreign ownership of certain businesses or our failure to adapt our practices, systems, processes and business models effectively to the traveler and supplier preferences (as well as the regulatory and tax landscapes) of each country into which we expand, could slow our growth. For example, to compete in certain international markets we have in the past, and may in the future, adopt locally-preferred payment methods, which has increased our costs and instances of fraud. Certain international markets in which we operate have lower margins than more mature markets, which could have a negative impact on our overall margins as our revenues from these markets grow over time. \n In addition to the risks outlined elsewhere in this section, our international operations are also subject to a number of other risks, including: \n • Currency exchange restrictions or costs and exchange rate fluctuations, and the risks and costs inherent in hedging such exposures; \n • Exposure to local economic or political instability and threatened or actual acts of terrorism; \n • Compliance with U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory laws and requirements relating to anti-corruption, antitrust or competition, economic sanctions, data content and privacy, consumer protection, employment and labor laws, health and safety, information reporting and advertising and promotions; \n • Compliance with additional U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies operating internationally; \n • Differences, inconsistent interpretations and changes in U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations; \n • Weaker enforcement of our contractual and intellectual property rights; \n • Lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment and fraud risk; \n • Longer payment cycles, and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; \n • Preferences by local populations for local providers; \n • Restrictions on, or adverse tax and other consequences related to the repatriation of cash, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investments, cash balances and earnings, as well as restrictions on our ability to invest in our operations in certain countries; \n • Changes to trade policy or agreements that limit our ability to offer, or adversely affect demand for, our products and services; \n • Financial risk arising from transactions in multiple currencies; \n • Slower adoption of the internet as an advertising, broadcast and commerce medium in those markets as compared to the United States; \n • Our ability to support new technologies, including mobile devices or block chain technologies, that may be more prevalent in international markets; \n • Difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified employees in international markets, as well as managing staffing and operations due to increased complexity, unionization/works councils, distance, time zones, language and cultural differences; and \n • Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of precedent. \n Acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements could result in operating and financial difficulties. \n We have acquired, invested in or entered into significant commercial arrangements with a number of businesses in the past, and our future growth may depend, in part, on future acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements, any of which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Certain financial and operational risks related to acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements that may have a material impact on our business are: \n • Diversion of management’s attention or other resources from our existing businesses; \n • Difficulties and expenses in assimilating the operations, products, technology, privacy protection systems, information systems or personnel of the acquired company; \n • Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding and after consummating acquisitions, including with regard to future payment obligations in connection with put/call rights, may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; \n • Amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and other adverse accounting consequences, including changes in fair value of contingent consideration; \n • Expected and unexpected costs incurred in pursuing acquisitions, including identifying and performing due diligence on potential acquisition targets that may or may not be successful, if unsuccessful could result in unexpected litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes due, a loss of anticipated tax benefits or other adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition; \n • Impairment of relationships with employees, suppliers, customers, vendors and affiliates of our business and the acquired business; \n • The assumption of known and unknown debt and other liabilities and obligations of the acquired company; \n • Failure of the acquired company to achieve anticipated integration synergies, traffic, transactions, revenues, earnings or cash flows or to retain key management or employees; \n • Failure to generate adequate returns on our acquisitions and investments, or returns in excess of alternative uses of capital; \n • Failure to properly and timely integrate acquired companies and their operations, reducing our ability to achieve, among other things, anticipated returns on our acquisitions through cost savings and other synergies; \n • Entrance into markets in which we have no direct prior experience resulting in increased complexity in our business; \n • Challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability and decision-making conflicts that may arise in the context of a joint venture or other majority ownership investments; \n • Costs associated with remediating fraud, information security, or other similar incidents at an acquired company; \n • Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets such as trademarks or other intellectual property arising from our acquisitions; \n • Costs associated with litigation or other claims arising in connection with the acquired company; \n • Increased or unexpected costs or delays to obtain governmental or regulatory approvals for acquisitions; \n • Increased competition amongst potential acquirers for acquisition targets could result in a material increase in the purchase price for such targets or otherwise limit our ability to consummate acquisitions; and \n • Adverse market reaction to acquisitions or investments or failure to consummate such transactions. \n Moreover, we rely heavily on the representations and warranties and related indemnities provided to us by the sellers of acquired private companies, including as they relate to creation, ownership and rights in intellectual property and compliance with laws and contractual requirements. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. \n We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. \n Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends \n on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. In particular, the contributions of Barry Diller, our Chairman and Senior Executive, and Peter Kern, our Vice Chairman, are critical to the overall management of the company. Since the departure of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer in December 2019, Messrs. Diller and Kern have overseen the Company’s executive leadership team and managed day-to-day operations, while the Board of Directors determines the long-term leadership of the Company. \n Our future success will depend on the performance of our senior management and key employees. Expedia Group cannot ensure that it will be able to retain the services of Mr. Diller, Mr. Kern or any other member of our senior management or key employees, the loss of whom could seriously harm our business. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. \n Competition for well-qualified employees in certain aspects of our business, including software engineers, developers, product management personnel, development personnel, and other technology professionals, also remains intense. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. For example, additional barriers to or restrictions on travel for professional or personal purposes, such as those in the United States in early 2017, may cause significant disruption to our businesses or negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees on a global basis. In addition, we moved our corporate headquarters from Bellevue, Washington to Seattle, Washington in late 2019, which could negatively affect our ability to attract and retain certain employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining or motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. \n We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our plans to increase our operational efficiencies and our restructuring efforts may adversely affect our business. \n During 2019, we initiated a restructuring of portions of our global workforce in an effort to simplify and streamline our organization, improve our cost structure and the operation of our overall businesses, and in February 2020, we announced our intention to pursue operating cost savings by further simplifying our organization, streamlining priorities and operating more efficiently. \n We may not achieve our targeted operational cost savings, improvements and efficiencies, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, implementing any restructuring plan presents significant potential risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating improvements and/or cost reductions. These risks include, among others, higher than anticipated costs in implementing our restructuring plans, management distraction from ongoing business activities, failure to maintain adequate controls and procedures while executing our restructuring plans, damage to our reputation and brand image. Additionally, as a result of restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency, adverse effects on employee morale and productivity, or our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. Any of these consequences could adversely impact our business. \n Legal and Regulatory Risks \n Our alternative accommodations business is subject to regulatory risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. \n Our alternative accommodations business has been, and continues to be, subject to regulatory developments that affect the alternative accommodation industry and the ability of companies like us to list those alternative accommodations online. For example, certain domestic and foreign jurisdictions have adopted or are considering statutes or ordinances that prohibit or limit the ability of property owners and managers to rent certain properties for fewer than 30 consecutive days, or that regulate short term rental platforms’ ability to list alternative accommodations, including prohibiting the listing of unlicensed properties. Other domestic and foreign jurisdictions may introduce similar regulations. Many homeowners, condominium and neighborhood associations have adopted rules that prohibit or restrict short-term rentals. In addition, many of the laws that impose taxes or other obligations on travel and lodging companies were established before the growth of the internet and the alternative accommodation industry, which creates a risk of those laws being interpreted in ways not originally intended that could burden property owners and managers or otherwise harm our business. \n These risks could have a material adverse effect on our alternative accommodations business and results of operations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on Expedia Group’s operations and financial results. \n A failure to comply with current laws, rules and regulations or changes to such laws, rules and regulations and other legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business, financial performance, results of operations or business growth. \n Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, rules and regulations or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our businesses, including those relating to travel and alternative accommodation licensing and listing requirements, the internet and online commerce, internet advertising and price display, consumer protection, licensing and regulations relating to the offer of travel \n insurance and related products, anti-corruption, anti-trust and competition, economic and trade sanctions, tax, banking, data security, the provision of payment services and privacy. As a result, regulatory authorities could prevent or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or otherwise penalize us if our practices were found not to comply with applicable regulatory or licensing requirements or any binding interpretation of such requirements. Unfavorable changes or interpretations could decrease demand for our products and services, limit marketing methods and capabilities, affect our margins, increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities or requirements for licensing. \n For example, there are, and will likely continue to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and online commerce that may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet, display of certain taxes and fees, online editorial and user-generated content, user privacy, behavioral targeting and online advertising, taxation, liability for third-party activities and the quality of products and services. Furthermore, the growth and development of online commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws and more aggressive enforcement efforts, which may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. Additionally, some jurisdictions have implemented or are considering implementing regulations that restrict or could restrict access to city centers and popular destinations as well as impact our ability to offer accommodations, such as by limiting the construction of new hotels or renting of alternative accommodations. \n Likewise, the SEC, Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and Office of Foreign Assets Controls (“OFAC”), as well as foreign regulatory authorities, have continued to increase the enforcement of economic sanctions and trade regulations, anti-money laundering, and anti-corruption laws, across industries. U.S. economic sanctions relate to transactions with designated foreign countries, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and nationals and others of those countries, Ukraine/Russia related sanctions, as well as certain specifically targeted individuals and entities. We believe that our activities comply with OFAC, European Union, United Kingdom and other regulatory authorities’ economic sanction and trade regulations, as well as anti-money laundering anti-corruption regulations, and export controls, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the UK Bribery Act, the UK Criminal Finances Act and the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. As regulations continue to evolve and regulatory oversight continues to increase, we cannot guarantee that our programs and policies will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. For example, on May 17, 2019, we entered into a settlement agreement with OFAC regarding 2,221 potentially non-compliant Cuba-related travel transactions that occurred between 2011-2014, which we voluntarily disclosed to OFAC in 2014. In connection with the settlement agreement, we made significant enhancements to our economic sanctions compliance program and associated controls. OFAC agreed to release us, without any finding of fault, from all civil liability in connection with the potential violations. In the event our controls should fail or are found to be out of compliance for other reasons, we could be subject to monetary damages, civil and criminal money penalties, litigation and damage to our reputation and the value of our brands. We also have been subject, and we will likely be subject in the future, to inquiries or legal proceedings from time to time from regulatory bodies concerning compliance with economic sanctions, consumer protection, competition, tax and travel industry-specific laws and regulations, including but not limited to investigations and legal proceedings relating to the travel industry and, in particular, parity provisions in contracts between hotels and online travel companies, including Expedia Group, and the presentation of information to consumers, as described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings - Competition and Consumer Matters. The failure of our businesses to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines and/or proceedings against us by governmental agencies and/or consumers which, if material, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if such laws and regulations are not enforced equally against other competitors in a particular market, our compliance with such laws may put us at a competitive disadvantage vis-à-vis competitors who do not comply with such requirements. We are unable at this time to predict the timing or outcome of these various investigations and lawsuits or similar future investigations or lawsuits, and their impact, if any, on our business and results of operations. \n The promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, or the new or changed interpretation of existing laws, rules and regulations, in each case that restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or manner in which we provide travel services could require us to change certain aspects of our business, operations and commercial relationships to ensure compliance, which could decrease demand for services, reduce revenues, increase costs and/or subject the Company to additional liabilities. \n Furthermore, our future growth may be limited by anti-trust or competition laws. For example, our business has grown and continues to expand, and, as a consequence, increases in our size and market share may negatively affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval of proposed acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements, any of which could adversely affect our ability to grow and compete. \n Application of existing tax laws, rules or regulations are subject to interpretation by taxing authorities. \n The application of various domestic and international income and non-income, including digital service, tax laws, rules and regulations to our historical and new products and services is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxing authorities. These taxing authorities have become more aggressive in their interpretation and/or enforcement of such laws, rules and regulations over time, as governments are increasingly focused on ways to increase revenues. This has contributed to an \n increase in audit activity and harsher stances by tax authorities and has also resulted in legislative action, including new taxes on digital services and revenue and through other indirect taxes. As such, additional taxes or other assessments may be in excess of our current tax reserves, result in double taxation, multiple levels of taxation, or may require us to modify our business practices, and incur additional cost to comply, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. \n A number of taxing authorities have made inquiries, filed lawsuits and/or levied assessments asserting we are required to collect and remit hotel occupancy, state and local sales or use taxes or other taxes, including, but not limited to, the legal proceedings described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. We are also in various stages of inquiry or audit with multiple jurisdictions regarding the application of value added/goods and services tax to our transactions. While we believe we comply with applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we facilitate travel reservations, tax authorities may conclude we owe additional taxes and issue tax assessments. \n We have in the past been required, and may in the future be required, in certain domestic and foreign jurisdictions to pay any such tax assessments prior to contesting their validity. The payments may be substantial. This requirement is commonly referred to as “pay-to-play.” Payment of these amounts is not an admission that we believe we are subject to such taxes and, even when such payments are made, we continue to defend our position vigorously. If we prevail in the litigation for which a pay-to-play payment was made, the jurisdiction collecting the payment will be required to repay such amounts and also may be required to pay interest. A description of recent significant “pay-to-play” payments and refunds, as well as ongoing tax inquiries or audits in other “pay-to-play” jurisdictions, is included in NOTE 17 — Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. \n Significant judgment and estimation is required in determining our worldwide tax liabilities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations, including intercompany transactions and cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain or otherwise subject to interpretation. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, including the amount of or basis for such charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes. For example, in 2019, the IRS notified us of a proposed adjustment relating to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries in connection with the examination of the 2011-2013 tax years. Although we disagree with the IRS’ position and are challenging the adjustments, the ultimate resolution is uncertain and, if resolved in a manner unfavorable to us, may adversely affect our financial results. We believe our tax estimates are reasonable, however, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals in which case we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, jurisdictions seeking to tax the same income may disagree and relief may not be available through competent authority or other mechanisms resulting in double taxation, multiple levels of taxation, or additional obligations, prospectively or retrospectively which could subject us to additional material tax, interest, and penalties. \n Brexit may create additional indirect tax implications for our business. There is uncertainty as to the terms of the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union and the operation and application of relevant tax laws in the context of the withdrawal agreement scenarios. Depending upon the outcome, we may have a material and adverse impact to our business. \n The enactment of legislation implementing changes in taxation of domestic or international business activities, the adoption of other corporate tax reform policies, or changes in tax legislation or policies could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. \n Many of the underlying laws, rules or regulations imposing taxes and other obligations were established before the growth of the digital economy. Certain jurisdictions have enacted new tax laws, rules and regulations directed at the digital economy and multi-national businesses. If existing tax laws, rules or regulations are amended, or if new unfavorable tax laws, rules or regulations are enacted, including with respect to occupancy, sales, value-added taxes, digital services tax, withholding taxes, revenue based taxes, unclaimed property, or other tax laws applicable to the digital economy or multi-national businesses, the results of these changes could increase our tax liabilities. Possible outcomes include double taxation, multiple levels of taxation, or additional obligations, prospectively or retrospectively, including the potential imposition of interest and penalties. Demand for our products and services could decrease if we pass on such costs to the consumer, result in increased costs to update or expand our technical or administrative infrastructure or effectively limit the scope of our business activities if we decided not to conduct business in particular jurisdictions. The outcome of these changes could have an adverse effect on our business or financial performance. \n Some jurisdictions have enacted laws that require online digital platforms to report user activity or collect and remit taxes from some or all of the travel suppliers listing on the online platform or for which we make remittances. We periodically receive requests from tax authorities for information regarding accommodation providers listing on some of our sites as well as traveler information along with details of certain transactions booked through our sites, and in some cases we have been legally \n obligated to provide this data. The cost or potential lack of ability to comply with these new rules and information requests may harm our business. \n Corporate tax reform, base-erosion prevention efforts and tax transparency continue to be high priorities in many tax jurisdictions. As a result, policies regarding corporate income and other taxes in numerous jurisdictions are under heightened scrutiny and tax reform legislation is being proposed or enacted in several jurisdictions. For example, the 2017 Tax Cut and Jobs Act (“Tax Act”) reformed U.S. corporate income taxes and, among other things, reduced the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, but imposed base-erosion prevention measures as well as a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings. In general, changes in tax laws may affect our tax rate, increase our tax liabilities, carrying value of deferred tax assets, or our deferred tax liabilities. \n In October 2015, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) released a final package of suggested measures to be implemented by member nations in response to a 2013 action plan calling for a coordinated multi-jurisdictional approach to “base erosion and profit shifting” (“BEPS”) by multinational companies. Multiple member jurisdictions, including countries in which we operate, have implemented recommended changes such as country by country reporting (“CBCR”). The CBCR standards require multinationals to disclose certain financial and economic indicators across geographies. The CBCR disclosure is expected to result in increased global tax audit activity. \n Over the past two years, the OECD has proposed measures to address the application of corporate tax to companies operating in the digital economy. As the OECD continues its evaluation, several territories both within and outside the European Union (“EU”) have enacted or proposed measures to introduce new digital services taxes on companies, such as the 3% digital services tax in France. These taxes are incremental to the taxes historically incurred by the Company and result in taxation of the same revenue in multiple countries. The enacted and proposed measures could have an adverse effect on our business or financial performance. \n Additional legislative changes are anticipated in upcoming years, including but not limited to increased disclosure of company activities and the introduction of other new taxes specifically targeting the digital economy. Certain countries have adopted or have proposed the adoption of unilateral changes, thus increasing the risk of double taxation or multiple layers of taxation without relief. Any changes to U.S. or international tax laws or interpretation of current or existing law could impact the tax treatment of our revenue or earnings and adversely affect our profitability. Our tax liabilities in the future could also be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of revenue and earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or the discontinuance of beneficial tax arrangements in certain jurisdictions. \n We continue to work with, as appropriate, relevant governmental authorities and legislators to clarify our obligations under existing, new and emerging tax laws, rules and regulations. However, due to the increasing pace of legislative changes and the large scale of our business activities any substantial changes in tax policies, enforcement activities or legislative initiatives may materially and adversely affect our business, the amount of taxes we are required to pay, our financial condition and results of operations generally. \n We are involved in various legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. \n We are involved in various legal proceedings and disputes involving taxes, personal injury, contract, alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, antitrust, consumer protection, securities laws, and other claims, including, but not limited to, the legal proceedings described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. These matters may involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. The defense of these actions has been, and will likely continue to be, both time consuming and expensive and the outcomes of these actions cannot be predicted with certainty. Determining reserves for pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant legal judgment. It is possible that unfavorable outcomes in one or more such proceedings could result in substantial payments that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. \n We cannot be sure that our intellectual property and proprietary information is protected from copying or use by others, including potential competitors. \n Our websites and mobile applications rely on content, brands, domain names and technology, much of which is proprietary. We establish and protect our intellectual property by relying on a combination of trademark, domain name, copyright, trade secret and patent laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, license and confidentiality agreements, and internal policies and procedures. In connection with our license agreements with third parties, we seek to control access to, and the use and distribution of, our proprietary information and intellectual property. Even with these precautions, however, it may be \n possible for another party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without our authorization or to develop similar intellectual property independently. Effective trademark, domain name, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available in every jurisdiction in which our services are available and policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and expensive. We cannot be sure that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation or infringement of intellectual property. Any misappropriation or violation of our rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we may need to go to court or other tribunals to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. These proceedings might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. \n We currently license from third parties some of the technologies, content and brands incorporated into our websites. As we continue to introduce new services that incorporate new technologies, content and brands, we may be required to license additional technology, content or brands. We cannot be sure that such technology, content and brand licenses will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. \n Technology, Information Protection and Privacy Risks \n We rely on information technology to operate our businesses and maintain our competitiveness, and any failure to invest in and adapt to technological developments and industry trends could harm our business. \n We depend on the use of sophisticated information technologies and systems in many areas of our business including technology and systems used for website and mobile applications, reservations, customer service, supplier connectivity, marketing, communications, procurement, payments, tax collection and remittance, fraud detection and administration. As our operations grow in size, scope and complexity, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to offer an increasing number of travelers enhanced products, services, features and functionality, while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure. \n Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our services and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product offerings. Cloud computing, the continued growth of alternative platforms and mobile computing devices, the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies that use cloud computing or for such platforms, as well as other technological changes, including new devices, services and home assistants, such as Amazon’s Echo and Alexa Voice and Google Home, and developing technologies, such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, chatbot and virtual reality technologies, have, and will continue to require, new and costly investments. Transitioning to these new technologies may be disruptive to resources and the services we provide, and may increase our reliance on third party service providers. For example, we are in the midst of a multi-year project to migrate products, data storage and functionality and significantly increase our utilization of public cloud computing services, such as Amazon Web Services. \n In addition, we may not be successful, or may be less successful than our current or new competitors, in developing technology that operates effectively across multiple devices and platforms and that is appealing to consumers, either of which would negatively impact our business and financial performance. New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing and software as a service solutions, could also make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. \n We have been engaged in a multi-year effort to migrate key portions of our consumer, affiliate and corporate travel sites, and back office application functionality, to new technology platforms, such as cloud computing services, to enable us to improve conversion, innovate more rapidly, achieve better search engine optimization and improve our site merchandising and transaction processing capabilities, among other anticipated benefits. Implementations and system enhancements such as these have been in the past, and may continue to be in the future, more time consuming and expensive than originally anticipated, and the resources devoted to those efforts have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our ability to develop new site features. In addition, during the migration process the sites have in the past, and may continue in the future, to experience reduced functionality, decreases in conversion rates, and increased costs relating to maintaining redundant systems. Also, we may be unable to devote financial resources to new technologies and systems, or enhancements to existing infrastructure, technologies and systems, in the future. Overall, these implementations and systems enhancements may not achieve the desired results in a timely manner, to the extent anticipated, or at all. If any of these events occur, our business and financial performance could suffer. \n System interruption, security breaches and the lack of redundancy in our information systems may harm our businesses. \n We rely on information technology systems, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities and to transmit and store data, including booking transactions, intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers and business partners, personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, and invoicing information and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities. In addition, we rely on our information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. The risk of a cybersecurity-related attack, intrusion, or disruption, including through spyware, viruses, phishing, denial of service and similar attacks by criminal organizations, hacktivists, foreign governments, and terrorists, is persistent. In addition, as we continue to migrate legacy systems to new or existing information technology systems, we increase the risk of system interruptions. We have experienced and may in the future experience system interruptions that make some or all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties. These interruptions could include security intrusions and attacks on our systems for fraud or service interruption. Significant interruptions, outages or delays in our internal systems, or systems of third parties that we rely upon - including multiple co-location providers for data centers, cloud computing providers for application hosting, and network access providers - and network access, or deterioration in the performance of such systems, would impair our ability to process transactions, decrease our quality of service that we can offer to our customers, damage our reputation and brands, increase our costs and/or cause losses. Additionally, as part of our technology migration, we are becoming increasingly reliant upon Amazon Web Services as a single cloud computing infrastructure platform, and any disruption to our use of Amazon Web Services could negatively impact our business operations. \n Potential security breaches to our systems or the systems of our service providers, whether resulting from internal or external sources, could significantly harm our business. We devote significant resources to network security, monitoring and testing, employee training, and other security measures, but there can be no guarantee that these measures will prevent all possible security breaches or attacks. A party, whether internal or external, that is able to circumvent our security systems could misappropriate customer or employee information, intellectual property, proprietary information or other business and financial data or cause significant interruptions in our operations. We will need to continue to expend additional significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches, and a security breach resulting in the reduction of website availability could cause a loss of substantial business volume during the occurrence of any such incident. Because the techniques used to sabotage security change frequently, are often not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated or remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage to reputation, exposure to risk of loss or litigation and possible liability due to regulatory penalties and sanctions or pursuant to our contractual arrangements with payment card processors for associated expenses and penalties. Security breaches could also cause travelers and potential users and our business partners to lose confidence in our security, which would have a negative effect on the value of our brands. Our failure to quickly respond to or adequately protect against attacks or intrusions, whether for our own systems or systems of vendors, could expose us to security breaches that could have an adverse impact on financial performance. \n In addition, no assurance can be given that our backup systems or contingency plans will sustain critical aspects of our operations or business processes in all circumstances. Furthermore, many other systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery or business continuity planning may not be sufficient. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, electronic intrusion attempts from both external and internal sources and similar events or disruptions may damage or impact or interrupt computer or communications systems or business processes at any time. Although we have put measures in place to protect certain portions of our facilities and assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to our travelers and/or third parties for a significant period of time. In addition, any remediation efforts may be costly for which we may not have adequate insurance to cover such losses or costs. Moreover, the costs of enhancing infrastructure to attain improved stability and redundancy may be time consuming and expensive and may require resources and expertise that are difficult to obtain. \n We process, store and use customer, supplier and employee personal, financial and other data, which subjects us to risks stemming from possible failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations, as well as litigation and reputational risks associated with the failure to protect such data from unauthorized use, theft or destruction. \n We process, store and use customer and employee personal, financial and other data obtained from users of our websites and mobile applications and from our administrative functions. There are numerous laws regarding the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of customer and employee personal, financial and other data, the scope of which is changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules. We strive \n to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection. It is possible, however, that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or the practices of our businesses, and we may have difficulty complying with strict timelines imposed by jurisdictions for these obligations. \n Any failure or perceived failure by us, or our service providers, to comply with the privacy policies, privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or privacy related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized use, theft or destruction of such data, may result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, our ability to retain customers or attract new customers and the potential disruption to our business and plans. In addition, such an event could result in violations of applicable U.S. and international laws, governmental enforcement actions and consumer or securities litigation. Such events could also subject us to bank fines, penalties or increased transaction costs, damage our reputation and brands, impair our relationships with current and potential business partners and key service providers, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business. \n We are subject to privacy regulations, and compliance with these regulations could impose significant compliance burdens. \n The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the internet have recently come under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. Congress and federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, are reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection and use of information concerning consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. U.S. courts are also considering the applicability of existing federal and state statutes, including computer trespass and wiretapping laws, to the collection and exchange of information online. Some U.S. states, including California, have passed comprehensive privacy legislation or are considering privacy legislation. In addition, the European Union’s recently adopted privacy and data security regulation, the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, that went into effect in May 2018, requires companies to implement and remain compliant with regulations regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. At least 12 additional countries in Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America have passed or are considering similar privacy regulations, resulting in additional compliance burdens and uncertainty as to how some of these laws will be interpreted. Some jurisdictions have also adopted regulations governing the use of “cookies” by websites serving consumers, which could adversely impact the way we serve customers and advertise in these jurisdictions. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources to comply with the GDPR and other privacy laws and regulations. Failure to meet any of the requirements of these laws and regulations could result in significant penalties or legal liability, adverse publicity and/or damage to our reputation, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. \n Financial and Market Risks \n We have foreign exchange risk. \n We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the United States. As a result, we face exposure to movements in currency exchange rates, particularly those related to the British pound sterling, euro, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Thai baht, Brazilian real, and Nordic currencies. \n These exposures include but are not limited to re-measurement gains and losses from changes in the value of foreign denominated monetary assets and liabilities; translation gains and losses on foreign subsidiary financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars upon consolidation; fluctuations in accommodation revenue due to relative currency movements from the time of booking to the time of stay; planning risk related to changes in exchange rates between the time we prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur; and the impact of relative exchange rate movements on cross-border travel such as from Europe to the United States and the United States to Europe. \n Depending on the size of the exposures and the relative movements of exchange rates, if we choose not to hedge or fail to hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial statements and financial condition. As we have seen in some recent periods, in the event of severe volatility in exchange rates these exposures can increase, and the impact on our results of operations can be more pronounced. In addition, the current environment and the increasingly global nature of our business have made hedging these exposures more complex. We make a number of estimates in conducting hedging activities including in some cases cancellations and payments in foreign currencies. In addition, an effective exchange rate hedging program is dependent upon effective systems, accurate and reliable data sources, controls and change management procedures. In the event our estimates differ significantly from actual results or if we fail to adopt effective hedging processes, we could experience greater volatility as a result of our hedging activities. \n Our stock price is highly volatile. \n The market price of our common stock is highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control: \n • Quarterly variations in our operating and financial results; \n • Operating and financial results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors, including failure to deliver returns on investments or key initiatives; \n • Changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; \n • Rating agency credit rating actions or pronouncements; \n • Reaction to our earnings releases and conference calls, or presentations by executives at investor and industry conferences; \n • Worldwide macro-economic and financial market conditions, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates; \n • Changes in our capital or governance structure; \n • Changes in the stock price or market valuations of trivago, our majority-owned, publicly traded subsidiary, whose stock price is also highly volatile; \n • Changes in market valuations of other internet or online service companies, or other peer companies; \n • Changes in device and platform technologies and search industry dynamics, such as key word pricing and traffic, or other changes that negatively affect our ability to generate traffic to our websites; \n • Announcements of dividends or changes in the amount or frequency of our dividends; \n • Announcements by us or our competitors of technological innovations, new services or promotional and discounting activities; \n • Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; \n • Loss of a major travel supplier, such as an airline, hotel or car rental chain; \n • Changes in the status of our intellectual property rights; \n • Lack of success in the expansion of our business model geographically; \n • Claims or proceedings against us or adverse developments or decisions in pending proceedings; \n • Significant security breaches; \n • Additions or departures of key personnel; \n • Rumors or public speculation about any of the above factors; and \n • Price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets in general. \n Volatility in our stock price could also make us less attractive to certain investors, and/or invite speculative trading in our common stock or debt instruments. \n We may experience constraints in our liquidity and may be unable to access capital when necessary or desirable, either of which could harm our financial position. \n We have experienced, and may experience in the future, declines in seasonal liquidity and capital provided by our merchant hotel business, which has historically provided a meaningful portion of our operating cash flow and is dependent on several factors, including the rate of growth of our merchant hotel business and the relative growth of businesses which consume rather than generate working capital, such as our agency hotel, advertising and managed corporate travel businesses and payment terms with suppliers. We also continued to see growth in both our merchant (Expedia Collect) and our agency (Hotel Collect) hotel products. To the extent our merchant hotel business stopped growing or began to decline, it would likely result in pressure on our working capital cash balances, cash flow over time and liquidity. \n The availability of funds depends in significant measure on capital markets and liquidity factors over which we exert no control. In light of periodic uncertainty in the capital and credit markets, we can provide no assurance that sufficient financing will be available on desirable or even any terms to fund investments, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends, debt refinancing or extraordinary actions or that our counterparties in any such financings would honor their contractual commitments. In addition, any downgrade of our debt ratings by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investor Service, Fitch or similar \n ratings agencies, increases in general interest rate levels and credit spreads or overall weakening in the credit markets could increase our cost of capital. \n We have significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. \n We have outstanding long-term indebtedness, excluding current maturities, with a face value of $4.2 billion and we have a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2019. Risks relating to our indebtedness include: \n • Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; \n • Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; \n • Making it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; \n • Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; \n • Placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and \n • Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. \n The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses, including those that restrict our ability to, among other things: \n • Borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third parties including guarantees; \n • Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; \n • Enter into certain asset sale transactions, including partial or full spin-off transactions; \n • Enter into secured financing arrangements; \n • Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and \n • Enter into unrelated businesses. \n In addition, our credit facility requires that we meet certain financial tests, including an interest coverage test and a leverage ratio test. \n Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our credit facility or any agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default under those agreements. Such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which acceleration may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt. In addition, lenders may be able to terminate any commitments they had made to supply us with further funds (including periodic rollovers of existing borrowings). In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms of our credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. \n We are exposed to various counterparty risks. \n We are exposed to the risk that various counterparties, including financial entities, will fail to perform. This creates risk in a number of areas, including with respect to our bank deposits and investments, foreign exchange risk management, insurance coverages, and letters of credit. As it relates to deposits, as of December 31, 2019, we held cash in bank depository accounts of approximately $2.3 billion (primarily in Bank of America, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, BNP Paribas, HSBC, JPMorgan Chase, and Standard Chartered Bank) and held term deposits of approximately $1.3 billion at financial institutions including, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, HSBC, Mizuho Bank Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. Additionally, majority-owned subsidiaries held cash of approximately $151 million (primarily in BNP Paribas and Deutsche Bank) and held term deposits of approximately $118 million at Deutsche Bank. As it relates to foreign exchange, as of December 31, 2019, we were party to forward contracts with a notional value of approximately $3.2 billion, the fair value of which was a liability of approximately $8 million. The counterparties to these contracts were primarily Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, HSBC, Royal Bank of Canada, US Bank, Mizuho Bank Ltd., Standard Chartered Bank, Societe Generale, and Wells Fargo. We employ forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. At the end of the deposit term or upon the maturity of the forward contracts, the counterparties are obligated, or potentially obligated in the case of forward contracts, to return our funds or pay us net settlement values. If any of these counterparties were to liquidate, declare bankruptcy or otherwise cease operations, it may not be able to satisfy its obligations under these term deposits or forward contracts. In addition, we face \n significant credit risk and potential payment delays with respect to non-financial contract counterparties including our Expedia Partner Solutions and Vrbo partners, which may be exacerbated by economic downturns. The realization of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. \n Governance Risks \n Mr. Diller may be deemed to beneficially own shares representing approximately 29% of the outstanding voting power of Expedia Group, and has the right to purchase or exchange for additional shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock. \n As of December 31, 2019, Mr. Diller may be deemed to have beneficially owned 100% of Expedia Group’s outstanding Class B common stock, representing approximately 29% of the total voting power of all shares of Expedia Group common stock and Class B common stock outstanding. In addition, pursuant to his Purchase/Exchange Right, Mr. Diller has the right to purchase from Expedia Group, or exchange with Expedia Group an equivalent number of shares of Expedia Group common stock for, an additional 7,276,547 shares of Expedia Class B common stock. Assuming the exercise of such right in full by Mr. Diller (and assuming he is deemed to beneficially own the Expedia Group shares held by the Family Foundation), Mr. Diller would beneficially own shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock collectively representing approximately 50% of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of Expedia Group common stock and Expedia Group Class B common stock, assuming a total of approximately 130 million shares of Expedia Group common stock and 12,799,999 shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock outstanding immediately following the exercise of such right if Mr. Diller were to exercise his Purchase/Exchange right solely by exchanging shares of Expedia Group common stock acquired in the open market (or otherwise, other than from Expedia Group). If Mr. Diller were to acquire the Additional Shares through cash purchases directly from Expedia Group, Mr. Diller would beneficially own shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock collectively representing approximately 48% of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of Expedia Group common stock and Expedia Group Class B common stock. \n In the future, Mr. Diller’s ownership percentage in Expedia Group could increase if he exercises his Purchase/Exchange Right or buys additional shares of Expedia Group common stock in open market purchases or otherwise, or if Expedia Group repurchases shares of its common stock. However, upon transfer, any Additional Shares will automatically convert into Expedia Group common stock unless Mr. Diller retains sole voting control over such transferred Additional Shares. Additionally, all Additional Shares will automatically convert into shares of Expedia Group common stock immediately following the earliest of (a) Mr. Diller’s death or disability, (b) such time as Mr. Diller no longer serves as Chairman or Senior Executive of Expedia Group, other than as a result of his removal (other than for “cause” as defined in the New Governance Agreement), or failure to be nominated or elected when he is willing to serve in such position, and (c) aggregate transfers by Mr. Diller (or certain limited permitted transferees of Mr. Diller) of Original Shares exceeding 5% of the outstanding voting power of Expedia Group. \n Therefore, while it is possible that Mr. Diller may at some point in the future beneficially own more than 50% of the outstanding voting power of Expedia Group, the provisions of the New Governance Agreement and Expedia Group’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that following one of the triggers described above, the number of shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock outstanding and acquired by Mr. Diller and the Family Foundation in the Exchange or pursuant to the Purchase/Exchange Right will not exceed approximately 5.5 million shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock, or approximately 29% of the total voting power of Expedia Group based on approximately 137 million shares of Expedia Group common stock and approximately 5.5 million shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2019.  Moreover, under the New Governance Agreement and Expedia Group’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, subject to limited exception, no current or future holder of Original Shares or Additional Shares may participate in, or vote in favor of, or tender shares into, any change of control transaction involving at least 50% of the outstanding shares or voting power of capital stock of Expedia Group, unless such transaction provides for the same per share consideration and mix of consideration (or election right) and the same participation rights for shares of Expedia Group Class B common stock and shares of Expedia Group common stock. Additionally, the New Governance Agreement does not provide Mr. Diller with any consent rights over corporate actions or matters. \n Mr. Diller is also currently the Chairman of Expedia Group’s Board of Directors and Senior Executive of Expedia Group. Expedia Group’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Chairman of the Board may only be removed without cause by the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the entire Board of Directors, which provision may not be amended, altered changed or repealed, or any provision inconsistent therewith adopted, without the approval of at least (1) 80% of the entire Board of Directors and (2) 80% of the voting power of Expedia Group’s outstanding voting securities, voting together as a single class. \n As a result of Mr. Diller’s ownership interests and voting power, and the governance arrangements between Mr. Diller and Expedia Group, Mr. Diller is in a position to influence, and potentially control, significant corporate actions, including corporate transactions such as mergers, business combinations or dispositions of assets. Additionally, in the future, another holder of the Original Shares might have such a position of influence by virtue of ownership interests in the Original Shares. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to Expedia Group stockholders. \n Actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between Expedia Group management and directors, on the one hand, and the management and directors of IAC, on the other. \n Mr. Diller serves as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive, while retaining his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive of IAC/InterActiveCorp, or IAC. Ms. Clinton and Messrs. Kaufman and von Furstenberg also serve as members of the Board of Directors of both Expedia Group and IAC. These overlapping relationships could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest for the directors or officers when facing decisions that may affect both IAC and Expedia Group. Mr. Diller in particular may also face conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of his time between the companies. \n Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that no officer or director of Expedia Group who is also an officer or director of IAC will be liable to Expedia Group or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to IAC instead of Expedia Group, or does not communicate information regarding a corporate opportunity to Expedia Group because the officer or director has directed the corporate opportunity to IAC. This corporate opportunity provision may have the effect of exacerbating the risk of conflicts of interest between the companies because the provision effectively shields an overlapping director/executive officer from liability for breach of fiduciary duty in the event that such director or officer chooses to direct a corporate opportunity to IAC instead of Expedia Group.