Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to certain risks that are described below. 
 Risks Associated with Continuing Operations 
 We have incurred significant operating losses in the past, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to be profitable over the long term. 
 We have incurred significant net operating losses for the last four fiscal years, and as of December 31, 2011, we had an
accumulated deficit of $858.1 million. In order to become profitable, we need to grow revenue while keeping expenses contained to maintain or improve our margins. If we fail to grow our revenue
and to manage our expenses, we may continue to incur significant losses in the future and not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Adverse conditions in the primary and secondary mortgage markets, as well as the economy generally, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 The primary and secondary mortgage markets have been experiencing continued disruption, which has in the past had, and may in the
future have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These conditions, coupled with adverse economic conditions and continuing declines in residential real
estate prices generally, have resulted in and are expected to continue to result in decreased demand for purchase loans and greater difficulty qualifying for refinance and home equity loans.
Generally, increases in interest rates adversely affect the ability of the Network Lenders to close loans, and adverse economic trends limit the ability of the lending networks and Network Lenders to
offer home loans other than low margin conforming loans. Our businesses may experience a decline in demand for their offerings due to decreased consumer demand as a result of the conditions described
above now or in the future. Conversely, during periods of robust consumer demand, which are typically associated with decreased interest rates, Network Lenders have
less incentive to use our networks, or in the case of sudden increases in consumer demand, our Network Lenders may lack the ability to support sudden increases in volume. 
 Difficult market conditions have adversely affected the mortgage industry. 
 Declines in the housing market since 2008, with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures, unemployment and under-employment,
have negatively impacted the credit performance of mortgage loans and resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities as well as
major commercial and investment banks. These write-downs, initially of mortgage-backed securities but spreading to other asset-backed securities, credit default 
 swaps
and other derivative and cash securities, in turn, have caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. 
 Reflecting
concern about the stability of the housing markets generally and the strength of counterparties, many lenders and institutional investors have reduced or ceased providing
funding to borrowers, including to other financial institutions. This market disruption and tightening of credit have led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of
consumer confidence and increased market volatility. The resulting economic pressure on consumers and lack of confidence in the financial markets may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 We
do not expect that the difficult conditions in the housing markets will improve materially in the near future. A worsening of these conditions would likely exacerbate the adverse
effects of these difficult market conditions on us and our Network Lenders. Further, our business could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other businesses in the
financial services sector. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more of these entities, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide
liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Any such losses or defaults could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 Our financial results fluctuate as a result of seasonality, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance and may affect our common stock price. 
 Our business is historically subject to seasonal trends. These trends reflect the general patterns of housing sales, which typically
peak in the spring and summer seasons. However, in recent periods, the broader cyclical trends in the mortgage and real estate markets have upset the customary seasonal trends, but seasonal trends may
resume and our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which may negatively impact the price of our common stock. 
 Litigation and indemnification of secondary market purchasers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
If we cannot settle any then-existing and certain future contingent liabilities to secondary market purchasers, a substantial portion of the purchase price for the sale of LendingTree Loans' assets
will remain in escrow indefinitely. 
 In connection with the sale of loans to secondary market purchasers, HLC makes certain representations regarding related borrower
credit information, loan documentation and collateral. To the extent that these representations are incorrect, HLC may be required to repurchase loans or indemnify secondary market purchasers for
losses due to borrower defaults. In connection with the sale of loans to secondary market purchasers, HLC also agrees to repurchase loans or indemnify secondary market purchasers for losses due to
early payment defaults ( 
 i.e., 
 late payments during a limited time period immediately following HLC's origination of the loan). In connection with
the sale of a majority of its loans to secondary market purchasers, HLC also agrees to repay all or a portion of the initial premiums paid by secondary market purchasers in instances where the
borrower prepays the loan within a specified period of time. HLC has made payments for these liabilities in the past and expects to make payments for these in the future. 
 We
will continue to be liable for these indemnification obligations, repurchase obligations and premium repayment obligations following the anticipated sale of substantially all of the
operating assets of our LendingTree Loans business to Discover. A portion of the initial purchase price to be paid by Discover, currently estimated to be $19 million, will be held in escrow
pending resolution of certain of these contingent liabilities. We plan to negotiate with secondary market purchasers to settle any then-existing and future contingent liabilities, but we cannot assure
you we will be able to do so on terms acceptable to us, or at all. The occurrence of indemnification claims, repurchase obligations or premium repayments beyond our reserves for these contingencies,
or our inability to settle with 
 secondary
market purchasers, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on relationships with Network Lenders, and any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 Our success depends, in significant part, on the quality and pricing of services provided by, and/or the continued financial stability
of, Network Lenders participating on our networks. Network Lenders could, for any reason, cease participating on the networks operated by (or otherwise choose not to enter into relationships with) our
businesses, fail to pay matching and/or closing fees when due and/or cease providing quality services on competitive terms. The occurrence of one or more of these events with a significant number of
Network Lenders could, alone or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Network Lenders affiliated with our networks are not precluded from offering products and services outside of our networks. 
 Because our businesses do not have exclusive relationships with Network Lenders, consumers may obtain loans directly from these
third-party service providers without having to use our networks. Network Lenders can offer loans directly to consumers through marketing campaigns or other traditional methods of distribution, such
as referral arrangements, physical store-front operations or broker agreements. Network Lenders can also offer loans and services to prospective customers online directly, through one or more online
competitors of our businesses, or both. If a significant number of consumers seek loans and services directly from Network Lenders as opposed to through our networks, our business, financial condition
and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 We may not have an increase in the demand for leads necessary to absorb the increase in the supply of leads for sale after the sale of substantially all of the operating
assets of LendingTree Loans. 
 We currently transmit a substantial portion of the consumer mortgage inquiries generated through our Exchanges to LendingTree Loans.
These leads are generally provided
to LendingTree Loans on an exclusive basis, meaning that we do not make them available for sale to Network Lenders. Following the completion of the sale of substantially all operating assets of
LendingTree Loans, which is anticipated to occur by mid-year 2012, all consumer mortgage inquiries generated through our Exchanges will be made available to Network Lenders, where such
leads may each be matched with up to five Network Lenders. 
 To
the extent there is not a sufficient increase in demand from existing or new Network Lenders participating on our Exchanges to absorb the increased supply of leads that will be made
available following the sale of assets of LendingTree Loans, our business and future results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 It
is currently contemplated that the purchasing entity will become a participating Network Lender on our Exchanges immediately following acquisition of LendingTree Loans assets.
However, the purchasing entity will be under no obligation to purchase any leads from our lending networks at any time. To the extent the purchasing entity does elect to purchase leads from us, each
purchase would only represent one match for any given lead. Our business model for the lending networks requires us generally to match each lead with multiple lenders. 
 All
consumer mortgage inquiries generated by our toll-free phone numbers are currently transmitted to LendingTree Loans. We have not finalized our plans for servicing and
generating revenues from such consumer inquiries following the sale of substantially all of the operating assets of LendingTree Loans. There are various business, operational, legal, regulatory and
other considerations associated with these activities, and we may not be able to operate the telephone Exchange profitably, if at all following such sale. Our failure to do so would adversely affect
our revenues and the efficiency 
 of
our marketing expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our non-mortgage Exchanges are new to the market and may fail to achieve or maintain customer acceptance and profitability. 
 An increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from our non-mortgage Exchanges, including our education, automobile and
home services Exchanges. For the year ended December 31, 2011, revenues from non-mortgage
Exchanges represented 30% of our revenues. We expect our non-mortgage Exchanges to experience lower margins than our lending networks for the foreseeable future. 
 The
success of our Exchanges and other new products we may offer will depend on a number of other factors, including: 
 Our
business may suffer if we fail to successfully anticipate and manage these issues associated with our non-mortgage Exchanges. 
 We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business could be
harmed. 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our management team and our highly skilled
employees, including our software engineers, statisticians, marketing professionals and sales staff. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain
highly qualified and skilled employees. The loss of any of our senior management or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to build on the efforts they have undertaken and to
execute our business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key
employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 A breach of our network security or the misappropriation or misuse of personal consumer information may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
 Any penetration of network security or other misappropriation or misuse of personal consumer information maintained by us or our third
party marketing partners could cause interruptions in the operations of our businesses and subject us to increased costs, litigation and other liabilities. Claims could also be made against us or our
third party marketing partners for other misuse of personal information, such as for unauthorized purposes or identity theft, which could result in litigation and financial liabilities, as well as
administrative action from governmental authorities. Security breaches could also significantly damage our reputation with consumers and third parties with whom we do business. In that regard, in
2008, we announced that several mortgage companies had gained unauthorized access to our customer information database and had used the information to solicit mortgage loans directly from our
customers. We promptly reported the situation to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and have been cooperating fully with the FBI's investigation. While we do not believe 
 this
situation resulted in any fraud on the consumer or identity theft, we notified affected consumers as required by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following our announcement, several
putative class action lawsuits were filed against us, seeking to recover damages for consumers allegedly injured by this incident. All of these lawsuits have been dismissed or withdrawn (see "Legal
Proceedings" below). 
 We
may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against and remedy any potential or existing security breaches and their consequences. We also face risks
associated with security breaches affecting third parties with which we are affiliated or otherwise conduct business online. Consumers are generally concerned with security and privacy of the
Internet, and any publicized security problems affecting our businesses and/or those of third parties may discourage consumers from doing business with us, which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Network Lenders and lead purchasers in our other Exchanges may not provide competitive levels of service to consumers, which could adversely affect our brands and businesses
and their ability to attract consumers. 
 The ability of our businesses to provide consumers with a high-quality experience depends, in part, on consumers receiving
competitive levels of convenience, customer service, price and responsiveness from Network Lenders and lead purchasers participating on our other Exchanges with whom they are matched. If these
providers do not provide consumers with competitive levels of convenience, customer service, price and responsiveness, the value of our various brands may be harmed, the ability of our businesses to
attract consumers to our websites may be limited and the number of consumers matched through our Exchanges may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain brand recognition and attract and retain customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
 In order to attract visitors to our websites, convert these visitors into leads for our Network Lenders and lead purchasers on our
other Exchanges and generate repeat visits from consumers, our businesses must promote and maintain their various brands successfully. This requires the expenditure of considerable money and resources
for online and offline advertising, marketing and related efforts, as well as the continued provision and introduction of high-quality products and services. 
 Brand
recognition is a key differentiating factor among providers of online services. We believe that continuing to build and maintain the recognition of our various brands is critical
to achieving increased demand for the services provided by our businesses. Accordingly, we have spent, and expect to continue to spend, significant amounts of operating capital on, and devote
significant resources to, branding, advertising and other marketing initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. The failure of our businesses to maintain the recognition of
their respective brands and attract and retain customers in a cost-effective manner would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adverse
publicity from legal proceedings against us or our businesses, including governmental proceedings and consumer class action litigation or from the disclosure of information
security breaches, could negatively impact our various brands, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the actions of our third party
marketing partners who engage in advertising on our behalf could negatively impact our various brands. 
 We depend on search engines and other online sources to attract visitors to our websites, and if we are unable to attract these visitors and convert them into leads for our
Network Lenders and lead purchasers in other Exchanges in a cost-effective manner, our business and financial results may be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract online consumers to our websites and convert them into customers in a
cost-effective manner. We depend, in part, on search engines and other online sources for our website traffic. We are included in search results as a result of both paid search listings,
where we purchase specific search terms that will result in the inclusion of our listing, and algorithmic searches that depend upon the searchable content on our sites. Search engines and other online
sources revise their algorithms from time to time in an attempt to optimize their search results. 
 If
one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for website traffic were to modify its general methodology for how it displays our websites, resulting in
fewer consumers clicking through to our websites, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. If any free search engine on which we rely begins charging fees for listing
or placement, or if one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for purchased listings, modifies or terminates its relationship with us, our expenses could rise, we
could lose customers and traffic to our websites could decrease, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to continually enhance our products and services and adapt them to technological changes and customer needs, including the emergence of new computing
devices and more sophisticated online services, we may lose market share and revenue and our business could suffer. 
 We need to anticipate, develop and introduce new products, services and applications on a timely and cost-effective basis
that keeps pace with technological
developments and changing customer needs. For example, the number of individuals who access the internet through devices other than a personal computer, such as personal digital assistants, mobile
telephones, televisions and set-top box devices has increased significantly, and this trend is likely to continue. Our websites were designed for rich, graphical environments such as those
available on desktop and laptop computers. The lower resolution, functionality and memory associated with alternative devices currently available may make the access and use of our websites through
such devices difficult. Because each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, our websites may not be functional or viewable on these devices.
Additionally, new devices and new platforms are continually being released. Accordingly, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in improving our websites' functionality with these
alternative devices, and we may need to devote significant resources to the improvement, support and maintenance of our websites. If we fail to develop our websites to respond to these or other
technological developments and changing customer needs cost effectively, we may lose market share, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with past, existing or new laws, rules and regulations, or to obtain and maintain required licenses, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 Our Exchanges businesses market and provide services in heavily regulated industries through a number of different channels across the
United States. As a result, our businesses have been and remain subject to a variety of statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures in various jurisdictions in the United States, which are
subject to change at any time. The failure of our businesses to comply with past, existing or new laws, rules and regulations, or to obtain and maintain required licenses, could result in
administrative fines and/or proceedings against us or our businesses by governmental agencies and/or litigation by consumers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations and our brand. 
 Our
businesses conduct marketing activities via the telephone, the mail and/or through online marketing channels, which general marketing activities are governed by numerous federal and
state 
 regulations,
such as the Telemarketing Sales Rule, state telemarketing laws, federal and state privacy laws, the CAN-SPAM Act, and the Federal Trade Commission Act and its accompanying
regulations and guidelines, among others. 
 Additional
federal, state and in some instances, local, laws regulate residential lending activities. These laws generally regulate the manner in which lending and lending-related
activities are marketed or
made available, including advertising and other consumer disclosures, payments for services and record keeping requirements; these laws include the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA), the
Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and various state laws. State laws often restrict the amount of interest and fees that may
be charged by a lender or mortgage broker, or otherwise regulate the manner in which lenders or mortgage brokers operate or advertise. 
 Failure
to comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements may result in, among other things, revocation of or inability to renew required licenses or registrations, loss of
approval status, termination of contracts without compensation, administrative enforcement actions and fines, private lawsuits, including those styled as class actions, cease and desist orders and
civil and criminal liability. 
 Most
states require licenses to solicit, broker or make loans secured by residential mortgages and other consumer loans to residents of those states, as well as to operate real estate
referral and brokerage services, and in many cases require the licensure or registration of individual employees engaged in aspects of these businesses. In 2008, Congress mandated that all states
adopt certain minimum standards for the licensing of individuals involved in mortgage lending or loan brokering, and many state legislatures and state agencies are in the process of adopting or
implementing additional licensing, continuing education, and similar requirements on mortgage lenders, brokers and their employees. Compliance with these new requirements may render it more difficult
to operate or may raise our internal costs. While our businesses have endeavored to comply with applicable requirements, the application of these requirements to persons operating online is not always
clear. Moreover, any of the licenses or rights currently held by our businesses or our employees may be revoked prior to, or may not be renewed upon, their expiration. In addition, our businesses or
our employees may not be granted new licenses or rights for which they may be required to apply from time to time in the future. 
 Likewise,
states or municipalities may adopt statutes or regulations making it unattractive, impracticable or infeasible for our businesses to continue to conduct business in such
jurisdictions. The withdrawal from any jurisdiction due to emerging legal requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our
businesses are also subject to various state, federal and/or local laws, rules and regulations that regulate the amount and nature of fees that may be charged for transactions and
incentives, such as rebates, that may be offered to consumers by our businesses, as well as the manner in which these businesses may offer, advertise or promote transactions. For example, RESPA
generally prohibits the payment or receipt of referral fees and fee shares or splits in connection with residential mortgage loan transactions, subject to certain exceptions. The applicability of
referral fee and fee sharing prohibitions to lenders and real estate providers, including online networks, may have the effect of reducing the types and amounts of fees that may be charged or paid in
connection with real estate-secured loan offerings or activities, including mortgage brokerage, lending and real estate brokerage services, or otherwise limiting the ability to conduct marketing and
referral activities. 
 Various
federal, state and in some instances, local, laws also prohibit unfair and deceptive sales practices. We have adopted appropriate policies and procedures to address these
requirements (such as
appropriate consumer disclosures and call scripting, call monitoring and other quality assurance and compliance measures), but it is not possible to ensure that all employees comply with our policies
and procedures at all times. 
 Compliance
with these laws, rules and regulations is a significant component of our internal costs, and new laws, rules and regulations are frequently proposed and adopted, requiring us
to adopt new procedures and practices. 
 Parties
through which our businesses conduct business similarly may be subject to federal and state regulation. These parties typically act as independent contractors and not as agents
in their solicitations and transactions with consumers. We cannot ensure that these entities will comply with applicable laws and regulations at all times. Failure on the part of a lender, secondary
market purchaser, website operator or other third party to comply with these laws or regulations could result in, among other things, claims of vicarious liability or a negative impact on our
reputation and businesses. 
 Regulatory
authorities and private plaintiffs may allege that we failed to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations where we believe we have complied. These allegations may
relate to past conduct and/or past business operations, such as our discontinued real estate brokerage operations (which was subject to various state and local laws, rules and regulations). Even
allegations that our activities have not complied or do not comply with all applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Such allegations typically require legal fee expenditures to defend. We have in the past and may in the future decide to settle allegations of non-compliance with laws, rules and
regulations when we determine that the cost of settlement is less than the cost and risk of continuing to defend against an allegation. Settlements may require us to pay monetary fines and may require
us to adopt new procedures and practices, which may render it more difficult to operate or may raise our internal costs. The future occurrence of one or more of these events could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related legislative and regulatory actions may have a significant impact on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 
 In July 2010, the President signed into law the Dodd-Frank Act, which contains a comprehensive set of provisions designed
to govern the practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. The Dodd-Frank
Act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new rules and regulations, and to prepare numerous studies and reports for Congress, which could result in additional legislative or
regulatory action. The federal agencies are given significant discretion in drafting the rules and regulations, and consequently, many of the details and much of the impact of the
Dodd-Frank Act may not be known for many months or years. 
 The
Dodd-Frank Act, as well as other legislative and regulatory changes, could have a significant impact on us by, for example, requiring us to change our business practices,
limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, imposing additional costs on us, limiting fees we can charge, impacting the value of our assets, or otherwise adversely affecting our businesses.
Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act established the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to regulate consumer financial services and products, including credit, savings and payment
products. The effect of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business and operations could be significant, depending upon final implementing regulations, the actions of our competitors and the
behavior of other marketplace participants. In addition, we may be required to invest significant management time and resources to address the various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and
the numerous regulations that are required to be issued under it. 
 In
light of recent conditions in the U.S. financial markets and economy, as well as a heightened regulatory and Congressional focus on consumer lending, regulators have increased their
scrutiny of the financial services industry, the result of which has included new regulations and guidance. We are unable to predict the long-term impact of this enhanced scrutiny. We are
also unable to predict whether any additional or similar changes to statutes or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. 
 If Network Lenders fail to produce required documents for examination by, or other affiliated parties fail to make certain filings with, state regulators, Tree.com may be
subject to fines, forfeitures and the revocation of required licenses. 
 Some of the states in which our businesses maintain licenses require them to collect various loan documents from Network Lenders and
produce these documents for examination by state regulators. While Network Lenders are contractually obligated to provide these documents upon request, these measures may be insufficient. Failure to
produce required documents for examination could result in fines, as well as the revocation of our businesses' licenses to operate in key states, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulations
promulgated by some states may impose compliance obligations on directors, executive officers, large customers and any person who acquires a certain percentage (for example,
10% or more) of our common stock, including requiring such persons to periodically file financial and other personal and business information with state regulators. If any such person refuses or fails
to comply with these requirements, our businesses may be unable to obtain a license, and existing licensing arrangements may be jeopardized. The inability to obtain, or the loss of, required licenses
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructures. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in these systems and
infrastructures may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructures, including websites,
information and related systems, call centers and distribution and fulfillment facilities. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in our information systems and infrastructures
may adversely affect our ability to operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. We may experience
occasional system interruptions that make some or all systems or data unavailable or prevent our businesses from efficiently providing services or fulfilling orders. We also rely on affiliate and
third-party computer systems, broadband and other communications systems and service providers in connection with the provision of services generally, as well as to facilitate, process and fulfill
transactions. Any interruptions, outages or delays in our systems and infrastructures, our businesses, our affiliates and/or third parties, or deterioration in the performance of these systems and
infrastructures, could impair the ability of our businesses to provide services, fulfill orders and/or process transactions. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, hurricanes, tornadoes,
earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, unauthorized intrusions or computer viruses, and similar events or disruptions may damage or interrupt computer, broadband or other communications
systems and infrastructures at any time. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent our businesses from providing services, fulfilling
orders and/or processing transactions. While our businesses have backup systems for certain aspects of their operations, these systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not
sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. If any of these adverse events were to occur, it could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The collection, processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal
requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights. 
 In the processing of consumer transactions, our businesses receive, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable
information and other user data. The collection, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of this information are governed by the privacy and data security policies maintained by us and our businesses.
Moreover, there are federal, state and international laws 
 regarding
privacy and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and user data. Specifically, personally identifiable information is increasingly
subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected, processed and transmitted in
or from the governing jurisdiction. We could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in business practices or privacy policies, or if governing
jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our
businesses may also become exposed to potential liabilities as a result of differing views on the privacy of consumer and other user data collected by these businesses. Our failure,
and/or the failure by the various third party vendors and service providers with which we do business, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal, state or similar international laws and
regulations or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information or other user data could damage the reputation of these businesses, discourage
potential users from our products and services and/or result in fines and/or proceedings by governmental agencies and/or consumers, one or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 We may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We regard our intellectual property rights, including patents, service marks, trademarks and domain names, copyrights, trade secrets
and similar intellectual property (as applicable), as critical to our success. Our businesses also rely heavily upon software codes, informational databases and other components that make up their
products and services. 
 We
rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect these proprietary rights. Despite these
precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use trade secrets or copyrighted intellectual property without authorization which, if discovered, might require legal
action to correct. In addition, third parties may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar intellectual properties. 
 We
have generally registered and continue to apply to register, or secure by contract when appropriate, our principal trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and
reserve and register domain names when and where we deem appropriate. We generally consider the protection of our trademarks to be important for purposes of brand maintenance and reputation. While we
vigorously
protect our trademarks, service marks and domain names, effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which products and services are made available, and
contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available. Our failure to
protect our intellectual property rights in a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of brand names and limit our ability to control marketing on or
through the Internet using our various domain names or otherwise, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We
have been granted patents and we have patent applications pending with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign patent authorities for various proprietary
technologies and other inventions. The status of any patent involves complex legal and factual questions, and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. Accordingly, any patent application filed may
not result in a patent being issued or existing or future patents may not be adjudicated valid by a court or be afforded adequate protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition,
third parties may create 
 new
products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon patents that we own. Likewise, the issuance of a patent to us does not mean that our processes or inventions will be found
not to infringe upon patents or other rights previously issued to third parties. 
 From
time to time, in the ordinary course of business we are subjected to legal proceedings, claims and counterclaims, or threatened legal proceedings, claims or counterclaims, including
allegations of infringement of the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our
intellectual property rights, protect trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could
result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Patent litigation
tends to be particularly protracted and expensive. 
 Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss. 
 Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes and
procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, legal and compliance risk,
and strategic risk. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures and reporting requirements. Management of
our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. If the models that we use to mitigate these risks are inadequate, we may incur increased losses. In addition,
there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or
mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. 
 Acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition. 
 We may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products, portfolios of loans or
technologies. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance, expensive to fund and there
is no guarantee that we can obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or complete the transactions on terms that are favorable to us. To the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition or
investment in cash, it would reduce our cash balances and regulatory capital, which may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If the purchase price is paid with our stock, it
would be dilutive to our stockholders. In addition, we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time
of the transaction, and the repayment of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We
may not be able to successfully integrate the personnel, operations, businesses, products or technologies of an acquisition or investment. Integration may be particularly challenging
if we enter into a line of business in which we have limited experience and the business operates in a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. We may find that we do not have adequate
operations or expertise to manage the new business. The integration of any acquisition or investment may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our
relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. Acquisitions and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons,
including the loss of key personnel or customers. If we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or
incur additional transaction costs and our business and financial condition may be harmed as a result. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and may face negative pressure. 
 The market price for our common stock has been volatile since our spin-off. The market price for our common stock could
continue to fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including the risks identified in this report or reasons unrelated to our performance. These factors may result in short or long-term
negative pressure on the value of our common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could
decline. 
 The trading market for internet lead-generation companies depends in part on the research and reports that securities or
industry analysts publish about the industry and specific companies. If one or more analysts covering us currently or in the future fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock
could decline, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. If one or more recognized securities or industry analysts that cover our company or our industry in the future
downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or industry, our stock price would likely decline. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and we may be unable to develop, implement and maintain appropriate controls in
future periods. 
 We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and as a result of such weaknesses, our management, with the participation of our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2011. The material weaknesses relate to the
maintenance of effective controls over the application and monitoring of our accounting for income taxes and the maintenance of effective controls over the timing and amount of impairment of our
indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 With
respect to our controls over the application and monitoring of accounting of our accounting for income taxes, we did not have controls designed and in place to ensure effective
oversight of the work performed by, and the accuracy of, financial information provided by third party tax advisors. This material weakness was identified in connection with our assessment of the
effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, and was determined not to have been remediated as of December 31, 2011. 
 With
respect to our controls over the timing and amount of impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, we did not have controls designed and in place to ensure appropriate
levels of review over the methodology and complex and judgmental business and valuation assumptions in accordance with generally accepted valuation techniques that were used in our indefinite-lived
intangible assets impairment tests during 2011. As a result of this deficiency, management's interim indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment test in the second quarter of 2011 indicated no
impairment, and such result led to the performance of an annual impairment test as of October 1, 2011 using improper data inputs, including the starting carrying value of the trade name and
trademark assets and the assumed royalty rate, which in turn led to an initial indication of impairment as of October 1, 2011 that was significantly below the $29.0 impairment later determined
to exist as of the end of the second quarter of 2011. We have restated our second and third quarter 2011 results of operations and financial position to reflect the $29.0 million impairment
charge occurring in the second quarter. See Note 4—Goodwill and Intangible Assets and Note 17—Quarterly Results (Unaudited) to the consolidated financial
statements included in this report and "Controls and Procedures" below. 
 Until
remediated, these material weaknesses could result in material misstatements to our interim or annual consolidated financial statements and disclosures that may not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. In addition, we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations or comply with SEC rules 
 and
regulations, which could result in the violation of covenants in our warehouse lines, delisting actions by the NASDAQ Stock Market and investigation and sanctions by regulatory authorities. Any of
these results could adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Two holders of our common stock own a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock, which concentrates voting control and limits your ability to influence corporate
matters. 
 As of February 1, 2012, Douglas Lebda, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Liberty Interactive Corporation
beneficially own approximately 20% and 25%, respectively, of our outstanding common stock. Liberty Interactive also has the right to appoint one or more directors under the Spinco Agreement dated
May 13, 2008 among IAC/InterActiveCorp and Liberty Interactive and certain others, Liberty Interactive has the right to nominate 20% of the total number of directors serving on the board,
rounded up. Liberty Interactive has nominated one director, Mark Sanford, and presently has the right to nominate a second director if it chooses to do so. 
 Therefore,
for the foreseeable future, Mr. Lebda and Liberty Interactive will each have influence over our management and affairs and all matters requiring shareholder approval,
including the election or removal (with or without cause) of directors and approval of any significant corporate transaction, such as a merger or other sale of us or our assets. This concentrated
control could delay, defer or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that other stockholders may otherwise support. This concentrated
control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring our common stock and might harm the market price of our common stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by shareholders to
replace or remove our management, and affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended and restated, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and/or amended and restated bylaws include provisions
that: 
 The
provisions described above may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to
replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in the State of Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits certain business combinations between us and certain significant shareholders unless specified conditions are met. These provisions may also have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company, even if stockholders support such a change of control. 
 Risks Associated with the Sale of Substantially 
 All of the Operating Assets of our LendingTree Loans Business 
 The sale of LendingTree Loans assets to Discover may not be completed unless important conditions to the closing are satisfied. 
 Completion of the transaction with Discover is subject to certain conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals. If these
conditions are not satisfied or waived (to the extent permitted by law), the transaction may be delayed or may not occur, and we could lose some or all of the intended benefits of the transaction,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Discover may not receive the applicable regulatory approvals, or governmental authorities may
impose conditions upon the completion of the transaction or require changes in the terms of the transaction. These conditions or changes could result in the
termination of the asset purchase agreement or could have the effect of delaying the completion of the transaction or imposing additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. For more information on the conditions to the closing, see "Business—Pending Sale of Substantially all Operating Assets of
LendingTree Loans" above. 
 The failure to complete the pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets may result in a decrease in the market value of our common stock and limit our ability to grow and
implement our business strategies. 
 If the pending sale of LendingTree Loans' assets is not completed, we may be subject to a number of risks, including the
following: 
 The
occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation and the market
value of our common stock may decline. 
 Additionally,
we have incurred substantial transaction costs and diversion of management resources in connection with the pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets, and we will continue
to do so until the closing. If the pending sale of LendingTree Loans' assets is not completed, we will not be entitled to receive any further payments from Discover. 
 If the pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets closes, we may not receive the full $55.9 million purchase price. The pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets creates
uncertainty about our future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets creates uncertainty about our future. As a result of this uncertainty, our current or
potential business partners may decide to delay, defer or cancel entering into new business arrangements with us pending completion or termination of the pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets. In
addition, while the transaction is pending, we are subject to a number of risks, including: 
 The
occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 The asset purchase agreement limits our ability to pursue alternatives to the LendingTree Loans asset sale transaction. 
 The asset purchase agreement contains provisions that make it more difficult for us to sell the LendingTree Loans business to a party
other than Discover. These provisions include a non-solicitation provision and provisions obligating us to pay Discover a termination fee of $2.2 million under certain
circumstances. These provisions could discourage a third party that might have an interest in acquiring all of or a significant part of the LendingTree Loans business from considering or proposing
such an acquisition, even if that party were prepared to pay consideration with a higher value than the consideration to be paid by Discover. 
 The asset purchase agreement may expose us to contingent liabilities. 
 Under the asset purchase agreement, we have agreed to indemnify Discover for a breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty or
covenant made by us in the asset purchase agreement, for any liability of ours that is not being assumed, for any claims by our stockholders against Discover and for our failure to comply with any
applicable bulk sales law, subject to certain limitations. Significant indemnification claims by Discover could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We cannot compete in the business of originating, funding or selling of mortgages for three years from the date of closing. 
 Subject to specified exceptions, we have agreed we will not establish, own, manage, operate, control, invest in or otherwise engage in
the business of origination, funding or sales of mortgages within the United States for three years from the date of closing. Should market conditions or our strategic direction change, we will not be
able to re-establish mortgage lending as part of our business during the restricted period. 
 If the asset purchase agreement is terminated and prior to such termination a written acquisition proposal is proposed or publicly announced, we may have to pay Discover a
fee of $2.2 million if we later consummate the transaction with a party that made such proposal. The requirement to pay such termination fee may discourage third parties from submitting an
acquisition proposal. 
 Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, we must pay Discover a fee of $2.2 million if we or Discover terminate the
asset purchase agreement because the closing has not occurred on or before July 6, 2012, prior to such termination, a written acquisition proposal is proposed or publicly disclosed, and
concurrently with or within 12 months following the termination of the agreement, we enter into a definitive agreement for, or consummate, an acquisition proposal with the party that made an
acquisition proposal prior to termination of the agreement. The requirement that we pay Discover the $2.2 million termination fee may discourage third parties from submitting an acquisition
proposal. 
 Risks Associated with Discontinued LendingTree Loans Operations 
 Adverse conditions in the credit markets could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The
credit markets, in particular those financial institutions that provide warehouse financing and similar arrangements to mortgage lenders, have been experiencing continued disruptions
resulting from instability in the mortgage and housing markets. LendingTree Loans originates, processes, approves and funds various consumer mortgage loans through HLC, which operates primarily under
the brand name "LendingTree Loans®." These direct lending operations have significant financing needs that are currently being met through borrowings under warehouse lines of credit or
repurchase agreements to fund and close loans, followed by the sale of substantially all loans funded to investors in the secondary mortgage markets. Current credit market conditions, such as
significantly reduced and limited availability of credit, increased credit risk premiums for certain market participants increase the
cost and reduce the availability of debt and may continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the future. 
 As
of the date of this report, LendingTree Loans had three committed lines of credit totaling $325.0 million of borrowing capacity. One warehouse line with $125.0 million
of borrowing capacity expires on the earliest of (i) forty-five days after the closing date of the pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets or (ii) April 25, 2012, a
second warehouse line with $100.0 million of borrowing capacity expires on the earliest of (i) forty-five days after the closing date of the pending sale of LendingTree Loans
assets or (ii) August 20, 2012, and a third warehouse line with $100.0 million of borrowing capacity expires on the earliest of (i) forty-five days after the
closing date of the pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets or (ii) January 4, 2013. Each of these warehouse lines may be terminated by the lender in certain circumstances. Borrowings
under these lines of credit are used to fund, and are secured by, consumer residential loans that are held for sale. Loans under these lines of credit are repaid using proceeds from the sales of loans
by LendingTree Loans. At December 31, 2011, there was $197.7 million outstanding under the lines of credit. See "Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for more
information on our warehouse lines. 
 Although
we believe that our existing lines of credit are adequate for our current operations, further reductions in our available credit, or the inability to extend, renew or replace
these lines before completion of the pending sale of LendingTree Loans assets, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These financial institutions
providing warehouse lines of credit to LendingTree Loans are, like all financial institutions, are susceptible to adverse market conditions, which may affect their decisions to reduce or renew these
lines or the pricing for these lines. As a result, current warehouse lines of credit may be reduced or not renewed, and alternative financing may be unavailable or inadequate to support our operations
or the cost of such alternative financing may not allow LendingTree Loans to operate at profitable levels. Because LendingTree Loans is highly dependent on the availability of credit to finance its
operations, the current credit market conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, particularly over the next few years. In addition,
Discover may terminate the asset purchase agreement if, we fail to make a payment when due with respect to any indebtedness outstanding under any warehouse agreement, we breach any other agreement,
condition or covenant relating to such indebtedness, or we obtain a waiver of any breach of or failure to satisfy any agreement, condition or covenant contained in such agreement without the prior
written consent of Discover, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Adverse conditions in the secondary mortgage markets could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The
secondary mortgage markets have been experiencing continued disruptions resulting from reduced investor demand for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities and increased
investor yield requirements for those loans and securities. For example, Bank of America, one of our three largest secondary market purchasers during 2011, announced in August 2011 its
intent to sell its correspondent lending business and ceased purchasing loans from us in November 2011. These conditions may continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the future. We
do not have the capital resources or credit necessary to retain the loans that LendingTree Loans funds and closes and, as a result, we sell substantially all such loans within 30 days of
funding. Accordingly, a prolonged period of secondary market illiquidity could force LendingTree Loans to significantly reduce the volume of loans that it originates and funds, which could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on relationships with credit providers and secondary market investors, and any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our
success depends, in significant part, on the quality and pricing of services provided by, and/or the continued financial stability of, credit providers and secondary market
investors. Credit providers and/or secondary market investors could, for any reason, choose not to make credit available to (or otherwise enter into relationships with) us, and in the case of
secondary market investors only, cease purchasing loans from us. In particular, revenues attributable to purchases of loans by three such entities, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America,
represented approximately 44%, 33% and 17%, respectively, of LendingTree Loans' revenues in 2011. Bank of America ceased purchasing loans from us in November 2011 in connection with its planned
departure from the correspondent lending business. Credit providers and secondary loan purchasers may be reluctant to continue to do business with us because of the pending sale of substantially all
of the operating assets of LendingTree Loans to Discover. Disruption of any of these relationships could, alone or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with past, existing or new laws, rules and regulations, or to obtain and maintain required licenses, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 As
employers, our businesses are subject to federal and state employment laws. In particular, the Fair Labor Standards Act and California wage and hour laws govern the treatment of
"non-exempt" employees, which may include loan officers, underwriters, and loan processors at Home Loan Center, Inc. Failure to comply with applicable employment laws may result in,
among other things, administrative fines, class action lawsuits, damages awards and injunctions, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments