Our
business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to certain risks that are described below. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses in the past and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to be profitable over the long term. 
 We incurred significant operating losses during 2011 and for the first half of 2012, and as of December 31, 2012, we had an
accumulated deficit of $811.5 million. If we fail to maintain or grow our revenue and manage our expenses, we may incur significant losses in the future and not be able to maintain
profitability. 
 Adverse conditions in the primary and secondary mortgage markets, as well as the economy generally, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 The primary and secondary mortgage markets have been experiencing continued constraints, which have in the past had, and may in the
future have, an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. These conditions, coupled with economic conditions that are still recovering and residential real estate prices which, despite recent
improvements, are still at substantially reduced levels from their last peak in 2006, have resulted in and are expected to continue to result in decreased demand for purchase loans and greater
difficulty qualifying for refinance and home equity loans. Generally, increases in interest rates adversely affect the ability of our network lenders to close loans, and adverse economic trends limit
the ability of our network lenders to offer home loans other than low-margin conforming loans. Our businesses may experience a decline in demand for their offerings due to decreased
consumer demand as a result of the conditions described above, now or in the future. Conversely, during periods with decreased interest rates, network lenders have less incentive to use our networks,
or in the case of sudden increases in consumer demand, our network lenders may lack the ability to support sudden increases in volume. 
 Difficult market conditions have adversely affected the mortgage industry. 
 Declines in the housing market since 2006, with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures, unemployment and under-employment,
have negatively impacted the credit performance of mortgage loans and resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities as well as
major commercial and investment banks. These write-downs, initially of mortgage-backed securities but spreading to other asset-backed securities, credit default swaps and other derivative and cash
securities, in turn, caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. 
 Reflecting
concern about the stability of the housing markets generally and the strength of counterparties, many lenders and institutional investors reduced or ceased providing funding
to borrowers, including to other financial institutions. This market disruption and tightening of credit led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence
and increased market volatility. The resulting economic pressure on consumers and lack of confidence in the financial markets has had in the past and may have in the future an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While
conditions in the housing markets have generally improved in the last twelve months, the failure to sustain such improvements and, thereby, a worsening of these conditions could
have adverse effects on us and our network lenders. Further, our business could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other businesses in the financial services sector. As a
result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more of these entities, or the financial services industry generally, have in the past led to market-wide liquidity problems
and could lead to disruptions in the mortgage industry. Any such disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial results fluctuate as a result of seasonality, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance and may adversely affect our common stock price. 
 Our mortgage business is historically subject to seasonal trends. These trends reflect the general patterns of housing sales, which
typically peak in the spring and summer seasons. In recent periods, broader cyclical trends in interest rates, as well as the mortgage and real estate markets, have upset the customary seasonal
trends. However, seasonal trends may resume and our quarterly operating results may fluctuate. Our non-mortgage businesses have various seasonality trends which may create further
uncertainty in our quarterly operating results if these business become more significant components of our total revenue. Any of these seasonal trends, or the combination of them, may negatively
impact the price of our common stock. 
 Litigation and indemnification of secondary market purchasers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
If we cannot settle any then-existing and certain future contingent liabilities to secondary market purchasers, a substantial portion of the purchase price for the sale of LendingTree
Loans' assets will remain in escrow indefinitely. 
 In connection with the sale of loans to secondary market purchasers, HLC may be liable for certain indemnification, repurchase and
premium repayment obligations. In connection with the sale of loans to secondary market purchasers, HLC made certain representations regarding related borrower credit information, loan documentation
and collateral. To the extent that these representations were incorrect, HLC may be required to repurchase loans or indemnify secondary market purchasers for losses due to borrower defaults. HLC also
agreed to repurchase loans or indemnify secondary market purchasers for losses due to early payment defaults ( 
 i.e., 
 late payments during a
limited time period immediately following HLC's origination of the loan). Further, HLC agreed to repay all or a portion of the initial premiums paid by secondary market purchasers in instances where
the borrower prepays the 
 loan
within a specified period of time. HLC has made payments for these liabilities in the past and expects to make payments for these liabilities in the future. 
 We
continue to be liable for these indemnification obligations, repurchase obligations and premium repayment obligations following the sale of substantially all of the operating assets
of our LendingTree Loans business. Approximately $17.1 million of the purchase price paid at closing is being held in escrow pending resolution of certain of these contingent liabilities. We
plan to negotiate with secondary market purchasers to settle any then-existing and future contingent liabilities, but we cannot assure you we will be able to do so on terms acceptable to
us, or at all. The occurrence of indemnification claims, repurchase obligations or premium repayments beyond our reserves for these contingencies, or our inability to settle with secondary market
purchasers, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The asset purchase agreement for the sale of substantially all of the operating assets of our LendingTree Loans business may expose us to contingent liabilities. 
 Under the asset purchase agreement, we have agreed to indemnify Discover for a breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty or
covenant made by us in the asset purchase agreement, for any liability of ours that was not assumed, for any claims by our stockholders against Discover and for our failure to comply with any
applicable bulk sales law, subject to certain limitations. Discover has submitted a claim for indemnification relating to our sale prior to the closing of certain loans that were listed in the asset
purchase agreement as to be conveyed to Discover at closing. See Note 7—Discontinued Operations to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 We cannot compete in the business of originating, funding or selling of mortgages until June 2015. 
 Subject to specified exceptions, we have agreed we will not establish, own, manage, operate, control, invest in or otherwise engage in
the business of origination, funding or sales of mortgages within the United States for three years from the closing of the sale of substantially all of the operating assets of our LendingTree Loans
business. Should market conditions or our strategic direction change, we will not be able to re-establish mortgage lending as part of our business during the restricted period. 
 We depend on relationships with network lenders and any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 Our success depends in significant part on the financial strength of lenders participating in our networks. Network lenders could, for
any reason, experience financial difficulties and cease participating on our lender network, fail to pay matching and/or closing fees when due and/or drop the quality of their services to consumers.
The occurrence of one or more of these events with a significant number of network lenders could, alone or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
 Network lenders affiliated with our networks are not precluded from offering products and services outside of our exchanges. 
 Because our businesses do not have exclusive relationships with network lenders, consumers may obtain loans directly from these
third-party service providers without having to use our exchanges. Network lenders can offer loans directly to consumers through marketing campaigns or other traditional methods of distribution, such
as referral arrangements, physical store-front operations or broker agreements. Network lenders may also offer loans and services to prospective customers online directly, through one or more online
competitors of our businesses, or both. If a significant number of consumers seek loans and services directly from network lenders as opposed to through our exchanges, our business, financial
condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Our non-mortgage businesses (other than our automobile business) are new to the market, have lower margins and may fail to achieve or maintain customer
acceptance and profitability. 
 We introduced our education business in 2009 and our home services business in 2009. We do not have as much experience with these
businesses as with the mortgage business. Accordingly, these businesses may be subject to greater risks than our more mature mortgage exchange. As a result, we expect our non-mortgage
segment to experience lower margins than our mortgage segment for the foreseeable future. 
 The
success of our non-mortgage businesses and other new products we may offer will depend on a number of factors,
including: 
 Our
results of operations may suffer if we fail to successfully anticipate and manage these issues associated with our non-mortgage segment. 
 We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business could be
harmed. 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our management team and our highly skilled
employees, including our software engineers, statisticians, marketing professionals and sales staff. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain
highly qualified and skilled employees. The loss of any of our senior management or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to build on the efforts they have undertaken and to
execute our business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key
employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Network lenders and lead purchasers on our exchanges may not provide competitive levels of service to consumers, which could adversely affect our brands and businesses and
their ability to attract consumers. 
 The ability of our businesses to provide consumers with a high-quality experience depends, in part, on consumers receiving
competitive levels of convenience, customer service, price and responsiveness from network lenders and lead purchasers participating on our other exchanges with whom they are matched. If these
providers do not provide consumers with competitive levels of convenience, customer service, price and responsiveness, the value of our various brands may be harmed, the ability of our businesses to
attract consumers to our websites may be limited and the number of consumers matched through our exchanges may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain brand recognition and attract and retain customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
 In order to attract visitors to our websites, convert these visitors into leads for our network lenders and lead purchasers and
generate repeat visits from consumers, our businesses must promote and maintain their various brands successfully. Brand promotion and maintenance
requires the expenditure of considerable money and resources for online and offline advertising, marketing and related efforts, as well as the continued provision and introduction of
high-quality products and services. 
 Brand
recognition is a key differentiating factor among providers of online services. We believe that continuing to build and maintain the recognition of our various brands is critical
to achieving increased demand for the services provided by our businesses. Accordingly, we have spent, and expect to continue to spend, significant amounts of operating capital on, and devote
significant resources to, branding, advertising and other marketing initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. The failure of our businesses to maintain the recognition of
their respective brands and attract and retain customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adverse
publicity from legal proceedings against us or our businesses, including governmental proceedings and consumer class action litigation, or from the disclosure of information
security breaches, could negatively impact our various brands, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the actions of our third-party
marketing partners who engage in advertising on our behalf could negatively impact our various brands. 
 We depend on search engines and other online sources to attract visitors to our websites, and if we are unable to attract these visitors and convert them into leads for our
network lenders and lead purchasers in a cost-effective manner, our business and financial results may be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract online consumers to our websites and convert them into customers in a
cost-effective manner. We depend, in part, on search engines and other online sources for our website traffic. We are included in search results as a result of both paid search listings,
where we purchase specific search terms that result in the inclusion of our listing, and algorithmic searches that depend upon the searchable content on our sites. Search engines and other online
sources revise their algorithms from time to time in an attempt to optimize their search results. 
 If
one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for website traffic were to modify its general methodology for how it displays our websites, resulting in
fewer consumers clicking through to our websites, our business, could suffer. If any free search engine on which we rely begins charging fees for listing or placement, or if one or more of the search
engines or other online sources on which we rely for purchased listings, modifies or terminates its relationship with us, our expenses could rise, we could lose customers and traffic to our websites
could decrease, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to continually enhance our products and services and adapt them to technological changes and consumer and customer needs, including the emergence of new
computing devices and more sophisticated online services, we may lose market share and revenue and our business could suffer. 
 We need to anticipate, develop and introduce new products, services and applications on a timely and cost-effective basis
that keep pace with technological developments and changing consumer and customer needs. For example, the number of individuals who access the internet through devices other than a personal computer,
such as personal digital assistants, mobile telephones, televisions and set-top box devices has increased significantly and this trend is likely to continue. Because each manufacturer or
distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, our websites may not be functional or viewable on these devices. Additionally, new devices and new platforms are continually 
 being
released. Consumers access many traditional web services on mobile devices through applications, or apps. We do not currently offer apps on any mobile platform. 
 It
is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in improving our websites' functionality with these alternative devices or developing apps for mobile platforms. If we fail to
develop our websites or apps to respond to these or other technological developments and changing consumer and customer needs cost effectively, we may lose market share, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with past, existing or new laws, rules and regulations, or to obtain and maintain required licenses, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 We market and provide services in heavily regulated industries through a number of different channels across the United States. As a
result, our businesses have been and remain subject to a variety of statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures in various jurisdictions in the United States, which are subject to change at
any time. The failure of our businesses to comply with past, existing or new laws, rules and regulations, or to obtain and maintain required licenses, could result in administrative fines and/or
proceedings against us or our businesses by governmental agencies and/or litigation by consumers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our
brand. 
 Our
businesses conduct marketing activities via the telephone, the mail and/or through online marketing channels, which general marketing activities are governed by numerous federal and
state regulations, such as the Telemarketing Sales Rule, state telemarketing laws, federal and state privacy laws, the CAN-SPAM Act, and the Federal Trade Commission Act and its
accompanying regulations and guidelines, among others. 
 Additional
federal, state and in some instances, local, laws regulate residential lending activities. These laws generally regulate the manner in which lending and lending-related
activities are marketed or made available, including advertising and other consumer disclosures, payments for services and record keeping requirements; these laws include the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act (RESPA), the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and various state laws. State laws often restrict the amount of
interest and fees that may be charged by a lender or mortgage broker, or otherwise regulate the manner in which lenders or mortgage brokers operate or advertise. 
 Failure
to comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements may result in, among other things, revocation of or inability to renew required licenses or registrations, loss of
approval status, termination of contracts without compensation, administrative enforcement actions and fines, private lawsuits, including those styled as class actions, cease and desist orders and
civil and criminal liability. 
 Most
states require licenses to solicit, broker or make loans secured by residential mortgages and other consumer loans to residents of those states, as well as to operate real estate
referral and brokerage services, and in many cases require the licensure or registration of individual employees engaged in aspects of these businesses. In 2008, Congress mandated that all states
adopt certain minimum standards for the licensing of individuals involved in mortgage lending or loan brokering, and many state legislatures and state agencies are in the process of adopting or
implementing additional licensing, continuing education and similar requirements on mortgage lenders, brokers and their employees. Compliance with these new requirements may render it more difficult
to operate or may raise our internal costs. While our businesses have endeavored to comply with applicable requirements, the application of these requirements to persons operating online is not always
clear. Moreover, any of the licenses or rights currently held by our businesses or our employees may be revoked prior to, or may not be renewed upon, their expiration. In addition, our businesses or
our employees may not be granted new licenses or rights for which they may be required to apply from time to time in the future. 
 Likewise,
states or municipalities may adopt statutes or regulations making it unattractive, impracticable or infeasible for our businesses to continue to conduct business in such
jurisdictions. The withdrawal from any jurisdiction due to emerging legal requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our
businesses are also subject to various state, federal and/or local laws, rules and regulations that regulate the amount and nature of fees that may be charged for transactions and
incentives, such as rebates, that may be offered to consumers by our businesses, as well as the manner in which these businesses may offer, advertise or promote transactions. For example, RESPA
generally prohibits the payment or receipt of referral fees and fee shares or splits in connection with residential mortgage loan transactions, subject to certain exceptions. The applicability of
referral fee and fee sharing prohibitions to lenders and real estate providers, including online networks, may have the effect of reducing the types and amounts of fees that may be charged or paid in
connection with real estate-secured loan offerings or activities, including mortgage brokerage, lending and real estate brokerage services, or otherwise limiting the ability to conduct marketing and
referral activities. 
 Various
federal, state and in some instances, local, laws also prohibit unfair and deceptive sales practices. We have adopted appropriate policies and procedures to address these
requirements (such as appropriate consumer disclosures and call scripting, call monitoring and other quality assurance and compliance measures), but it is not possible to ensure that all employees
comply with our policies and procedures at all times. 
 Compliance
with these laws, rules and regulations is a significant component of our internal costs, and new laws, rules and regulations are frequently proposed and adopted, requiring us
to adopt new procedures and practices. 
 Parties
through which our businesses conduct business similarly may be subject to federal and state regulation. These parties typically act as independent contractors and not as agents
in their solicitations and transactions with consumers. We cannot ensure that these entities will comply with applicable laws and regulations at all times. Failure on the part of a lender, secondary
market purchaser, website operator or other third party to comply with these laws or regulations could result in, among other things, claims of vicarious liability or a negative impact on our
reputation and business. 
 Regulatory
authorities and private plaintiffs may allege that we failed to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations where we believe we have complied. These allegations may
relate to past conduct and/or past business operations, such as our discontinued real estate brokerage operation (which was subject to various state and local laws, rules and regulations). Even
allegations that our activities have not complied or do not comply with all applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Such allegations typically require legal fee expenditures to defend. We have in the past and may in the future decide to settle allegations of non-compliance with laws, rules and
regulations when we determine that the cost of settlement is less than the cost and risk of continuing to defend against an allegation. Settlements may require us to pay monetary fines and may require
us to adopt new procedures and practices, which may render it more difficult to operate or may raise our internal costs. The future occurrence of one or more of these events could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related legislative and regulatory actions may have a significant impact on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 
 In July 2010, the President signed into law the Dodd-Frank Act, which contains a comprehensive set of provisions designed
to govern the practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range
of new rules and regulations, and to prepare numerous studies and reports for Congress, 
 which
could result in additional legislative or regulatory action. The federal agencies are given significant discretion in drafting the rules and regulations and, consequently, many of the details
and much of the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act may not be known for many months or years. 
 The
Dodd-Frank Act, as well as other legislative and regulatory changes, could have a significant impact on us by, for example, requiring us to change our business practices,
limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, imposing additional costs on us, limiting fees we can charge, impacting the value of our assets, or otherwise adversely affecting our businesses.
Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act established the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to regulate consumer financial services and products, including credit, savings and payment
products. The effect of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business and operations could be significant, depending upon final implementing regulations, the actions of our competitors and the
behavior of other marketplace participants. In addition, we may be required to invest significant management time and resources to address the various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and
the numerous regulations that are required to be issued under it. 
 In
light of recent conditions in the U.S. financial markets and economy, as well as a heightened regulatory and Congressional focus on consumer lending, regulators have increased their
scrutiny of the financial services industry, the result of which has included new regulations and guidance. We are unable to predict the long-term impact of this enhanced scrutiny. We are
also unable to predict whether any additional or similar changes to statutes or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. 
 If network lenders fail to produce required documents for examination by, or other affiliated parties fail to make certain filings with, state regulators, we may be subject
to fines, forfeitures and the revocation of required licenses. 
 Some of the states in which our businesses maintain licenses require them to collect various loan documents from network lenders and
produce these documents for examination by state regulators. While network lenders are contractually obligated to provide these documents upon request, these measures may be insufficient. Failure to
produce required documents for examination could result in fines, as well as the revocation of our licenses to operate in certain states, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulations
promulgated by some states may impose compliance obligations on directors, executive officers, large customers and any person who acquires a certain percentage (for example,
10% or more) of our common stock, including requiring such persons to periodically file financial and other personal and business information with state regulators. If any such person refuses or fails
to comply with these requirements, we may be unable to obtain certain licenses and existing licensing arrangements may be jeopardized. The inability to obtain, or the loss of, required licenses could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructures. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in these systems and
infrastructures may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructures, including websites,
information and related systems, call centers and distribution and fulfillment facilities. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in our information systems and infrastructures
may adversely affect our ability to operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. We may experience
occasional system interruptions that make some or all systems or data unavailable or prevent our businesses from efficiently providing services or fulfilling orders. We also rely on affiliate 
 and
third-party computer systems, broadband and other communications systems and service providers in connection with the provision of services generally, as well as to facilitate, process and fulfill
transactions. Any interruptions, outages or delays in our systems and infrastructures, our businesses, our affiliates and/or third parties, or deterioration in the performance of these systems and
infrastructures,
could impair the ability of our businesses to provide services, fulfill orders and/or process transactions. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes,
acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, unauthorized intrusions or computer viruses, and similar events or disruptions may damage or interrupt computer, broadband or other communications systems and
infrastructures at any time. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent our businesses from providing services, fulfilling orders and/or
processing transactions. While our businesses have backup systems for certain aspects of their operations, these systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for
all eventualities. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. If any of these adverse events were to occur, it could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A breach of our network security or the misappropriation or misuse of personal consumer information may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
 Any penetration of network security or other misappropriation or misuse of personal consumer information maintained by us or our
third-party marketing partners could cause interruptions in the operations of our businesses and subject us to increased costs, litigation and other liabilities. Claims could also be made against us
or our third-party marketing partners for other misuse of personal information, such as for unauthorized purposes or identity theft, which could result in litigation and financial liabilities, as well
as administrative action from governmental authorities. Security breaches could also significantly damage our reputation with consumers and third parties with whom we do business. In that regard, in
2008, we announced that several mortgage companies had gained unauthorized access to our customer information database and had used the information to solicit mortgage loans directly from our
customers. We promptly reported the situation to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and have been cooperating fully with the FBI's investigation. While we do not believe this situation resulted in
any fraud on the consumer or identity theft, we notified affected consumers as required by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following our announcement, several putative class action
lawsuits were filed against us, seeking to recover damages for consumers allegedly injured by this incident. All of these lawsuits have been dismissed or withdrawn (see "Legal Proceedings" in our 2011
Form 10-K). 
 We
may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against and remedy any potential or existing security breaches and their consequences. We also face risks
associated with security breaches affecting third parties with whom we are affiliated or otherwise conduct business with online. Consumers are generally concerned with security and privacy of the
Internet, and any publicized security problems affecting our businesses and/or those of third parties may discourage consumers from doing business with us, which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The collection, processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal
requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights. 
 In the processing of consumer transactions, our businesses receive, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable
information and other user data. The collection, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of this information are governed by the privacy and data security policies maintained by us and our businesses.
Moreover, there are federal, state and international laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable 
 information
and user data. Specifically, personally identifiable information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, the intent of which is
to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected, processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction. We could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are
expanded to require changes in business practices or privacy policies, or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our
businesses may also become exposed to potential liabilities as a result of differing views on the privacy of consumer and other user data collected by these businesses. Our failure,
and/or the failure by the various third-party vendors and service providers with whom we do business, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal, state or similar international laws and
regulations or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information or other user data could damage the reputation of these businesses, discourage
potential users from our products and services and/or result in fines and/or proceedings by governmental agencies and/or consumers, one or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 We may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We regard our intellectual property rights, including patents, service marks, trademarks and domain names, copyrights, trade secrets
and similar intellectual property (as applicable), as critical to our success. Our businesses also rely heavily upon software codes, informational databases and other components that make up their
products and services. 
 We
rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect these proprietary rights. Despite these
precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use trade secrets or copyrighted intellectual property without authorization which, if discovered, might require legal
action to correct. In addition, third parties may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar intellectual properties. 
 We
have generally registered and continue to apply to register, or secure by contract when appropriate, our principal trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and
reserve and register domain names when and where we deem appropriate. We generally consider the protection of our trademarks to be important for purposes of brand maintenance and reputation. While we
vigorously protect our trademarks, service marks and domain names, effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which products and services are made
available, and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available. Our
failure to protect our intellectual property rights in a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of brand names and limit our ability to control marketing
on or through the Internet using our various domain names or otherwise, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We
have been granted patents and we have patent applications pending with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign patent authorities for various proprietary
technologies and other inventions. The status of any patent involves complex legal and factual questions, and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. Accordingly, any patent application filed may
not result in a patent being issued or existing or future patents may not be adjudicated valid by a court or be afforded adequate protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition,
third parties may create new products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon patents that we own. 
 Likewise,
the issuance of a patent to us does not mean that our processes or inventions will be found not to infringe upon patents or other rights previously issued to third parties. 
 From time to time, in the ordinary course of business we are subjected to legal proceedings, claims and counterclaims, or threatened legal proceedings, claims or
counterclaims, including allegations of infringement of the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the
future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of
outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Patent litigation tends to be particularly protracted and expensive. 
 Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss. 
 Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes and
procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, legal and compliance risk,
and strategic risk. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures and reporting requirements. Management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use
of analytical and/or forecasting models. If the models that we use to mitigate these risks are inadequate, we may incur increased losses. In addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in
the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated,
identified or mitigated. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. 
 Acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition. 
 We may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products or technologies. We may not be
able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance, expensive to fund and there is no guarantee that we can
obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or complete such transactions on terms that are favorable to us. To the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition or investment in cash, it would
reduce our cash balances, which may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If the purchase price is paid with our stock, it would be dilutive to our stockholders. In addition,
we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction, and the repayment of those
liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We
may not be able to successfully integrate the personnel, operations, businesses, products or technologies of an acquisition or investment. Integration may be particularly challenging
if we enter into a line of business in which we have limited experience and the business operates in a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. We may find that we do not have adequate
operations or expertise to manage the new business. The integration of any acquisition or investment may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our
relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. Acquisitions and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons,
including the loss of key personnel or customers. If we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or
incur additional transaction costs and our business and financial condition may be harmed as a result. 
 If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
 Under GAAP, we review the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis as of October 1
or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Factors that may 
 be
considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in stock price and market
capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates and slower growth rates in our industry or our customers' industries. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements
during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and may face negative pressure. 
 The market price for our common stock has been volatile since our spin-off. The market price for our common stock could
continue to fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including the risks identified in this report or reasons unrelated to our performance. These factors may result in short- or long-term
negative pressure on the value of our common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could
decline. 
 The trading market for internet lead-generation companies depends in part on the research and reports that securities or
industry analysts publish about the industry and specific companies. If one or more analysts covering us currently or in the future fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock
could decline, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. If one or more recognized securities or industry analysts that cover our company or our industry in the future
downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or industry, our stock price would likely decline. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and we may be unable to develop, implement and maintain appropriate controls in
future periods. If the material weakness is not remediated, then it could result in a material misstatement to the financial statements. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and, as a result of such weakness, our
management, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of
December 31, 2012. The material weakness related to the maintenance of effective controls over the application and monitoring of our accounting for income taxes. 
 With
respect to our controls over the application and monitoring of our accounting for income taxes, we did not have controls designed and in place to ensure effective oversight of the
work performed by, and the accuracy of, financial information provided by third-party tax advisors. This material weakness was identified in connection with our assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, and was determined not to have been remediated as of December 31, 2012. 
 Until
remediated, this material weakness could result in material misstatements to our interim or annual consolidated financial statements and disclosures that may not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. In addition, we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations or comply with SEC rules and regulations, which could result in delisting actions by the NASDAQ Stock Market
and investigation and sanctions by regulatory authorities. Any of these results could adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Two holders of our common stock own a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock, which concentrates voting control and limits your ability to influence corporate
matters. 
 As of March 28, 2013, Douglas Lebda, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Liberty Interactive Corporation beneficially
owned approximately 23% and 24%, respectively, of our 
 outstanding
common stock. Liberty Interactive also has the right to nominate 20% of the total number of directors serving on the board, rounded up. Liberty Interactive has nominated one director, Mark
Sanford, and presently has the right to nominate a second director if it chooses to do so. 
 Therefore,
for the foreseeable future, Mr. Lebda and Liberty Interactive will each have influence over our management and affairs and all matters requiring shareholder approval,
including the election or removal (with or without cause) of directors and approval of any significant corporate transaction, such as a merger or other sale of us or our assets. This concentrated
control could delay, defer or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that
other stockholders may otherwise support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring our common stock and might harm the market price of our common stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by shareholders to
replace or remove our management and affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended and restated, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and/or amended and restated bylaws include provisions
that: 
 The
provisions described above may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to
replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in the State of Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits certain business combinations between us and certain significant shareholders unless specified conditions are met. These provisions may also have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company, even if stockholders support such a change of control. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments