In addition to the other information set forth in this document, including the matters contained under the caption \'93Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements,\'94 you should carefully read the matters described below. We believe that each of these matters could materially affect our business. We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. \
Macro-economic Factors: \
Adverse changes in medical costs, the U.S. securities markets and interest rates could materially increase our benefit plan costs. \
 Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, and can be affected by lower returns on funds held by our pension and other benefit plans, which are reflected in our financial statements for that year. Favorable market returns in 2019 have led to higher than assumed investment returns on our plan assets, with a lower end-of-period yield curve contributing to higher benefit obligations resulting in an insignificant change to our overall funding obligations. Should favorable market returns continue, we may need to adjust our assumed rate of return on plan assets. In calculating the costs included on our financial statements of providing benefits under our plans, we have made certain assumptions regarding future investment returns, medical costs and interest rates. While we have made some changes to the benefit plans to limit our risk from increasing medical costs, if actual investment returns, medical costs and interest rates are worse than those previously assumed, our expenses will increase. \
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board requires companies to recognize the funded status of defined benefit pension and postretirement plans as an asset or liability in our statement of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur. We have elected to reflect the annual adjustments to the funded status in our consolidated statement of income. Therefore, an increase in our costs or adverse market conditions will have a negative effect on our operating results. \
 Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers\'92 ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. \
 During 2019, volatility in the credit, currency, equity and fixed income markets persisted due to continued uncertainty surrounding global growth rates. Uncertainty regarding ongoing U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods and vice versa, the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union and other political developments in Europe and Asia could significantly affect global financial markets in 2020. Volatility in other areas, such as in emerging markets, may affect companies\'92 access to the credit markets, leading to higher borrowing costs, or, in some cases, the inability to fund ongoing operations. In addition, we contract with large financial institutions to support our own treasury operations, including contracts to hedge our exposure on interest rates and foreign exchange and the funding of credit lines and other short-term debt obligations, including commercial paper. These financial institutions face stricter capital-related and other regulations in the United States and Europe, as well as ongoing legal and financial issues concerning their loan portfolios, which may hamper their ability to provide credit or raise the cost of providing such credit. \
 The interest rate used to calculate the rate of variable rate indebtedness, the LIBOR benchmark, will not be reported after 2021. Although our securities may provide for alternative methods of calculating the interest rate payable on such indebtedness, uncertainty as to the extent and manner of future changes may adversely affect the current trading market for LIBOR-based securities, and the value of variable rate indebtedness in general. A company\'92s cost of borrowing is also affected by evaluations given by various credit rating agencies and these agencies have been applying tighter credit standards when evaluating debt levels and future growth prospects. While we have been successful in continuing to access the credit and fixed income markets when needed, adverse changes in the financial markets could render us either unable to access these markets or able to access these markets only at higher interest costs and with restrictive financial or other conditions, severely affecting our business operations. \
Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability, to changes in the international economy and to the level of regulation on our business and these risks could offset our expected growth opportunities. \
We have international operations, particularly Latin America, including Mexico, and worldwide through WarnerMedia\'92s content distribution as well as services to our large U.S.-based businesses. We need to comply with a wide variety of complex local laws, regulations and treaties. We are exposed to restrictions on cash repatriation, foreign exchange controls, fluctuations in currency values, changes in relationships between U.S. and foreign governments, trade restrictions including potential tariffs, differences in intellectual property protection laws, and other regulations that may affect materially our earnings. Our Mexico operations in particular rely on a continuation of a regulatory regime that fosters competition. While our foreign operations represent significant opportunities to sell our services, a number of foreign countries where we operate have experienced unstable growth patterns, high inflation, currency devaluation, foreign exchange controls, instability in the banking sector and high unemployment. In addition, several Latin America countries have experienced significant political turmoil during 2019. Should these conditions persist, our ability to offer service in one or more countries could be adversely affected and customers in these countries may be unable to purchase the services we offer or pay for services already provided. \
 In addition, operating in foreign countries also typically involves participating with local businesses, either to comply with local laws or, for example, to enhance product marketing, deploy networks or execute on other capital projects. Involvement with foreign firms exposes us to the risk of being unable to control the actions of those firms and therefore exposes us to risks associated with our obligation to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). Violations of the FCPA could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. \
Industry-wide Factors: \
Changes to federal, state and foreign government regulations and decisions in regulatory proceedings could further increase our operating costs and/or alter customer perceptions of our operations, which could materially adversely affect us. \
 Our subsidiaries providing wired services are subject to significant federal and state regulation while many of our competitors are not. In addition, our subsidiaries and affiliates operating outside the United States are also subject to the jurisdiction of national and supranational regulatory authorities in the market where service is provided. Our wireless and various video subsidiaries are regulated to varying degrees by the FCC and in some instances, by state and local agencies. Adverse regulations and rulings by the FCC relating to broadband, wireless deployment and satellite video issues could impede our ability to manage our networks and recover costs and lessen incentives to invest in our networks. The continuing growth of IP-based services, especially when accessed by wireless devices, has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which may involve lengthy litigation to resolve and may result in outcomes unfavorable to us. In addition, increased public focus on a variety of issues related to our operations, such as privacy issues, government requests or orders for customer data, and concerns about global climate changes, have led to proposals or new legislation at state, federal and foreign government levels to change or increase regulation on our operations. Enactment of new privacy laws and regulations could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to collect and offer targeted advertisements, an expected growth area for the company, or result in additional costs of compliance or litigation. Should customers decide that our competitors offer a more customer-friendly environment, our competitive position, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. \
Continuing growth in and the converging nature of wireless, video and broadband services will require us to deploy significant amounts of capital and require ongoing access to spectrum in order to provide attractive services to customers. \
 Wireless, video and broadband services are undergoing rapid and significant technological changes and a dramatic increase in usage, in particular, the demand for faster and seamless usage of video and data across mobile and fixed devices. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless, video and broadband services to meet this increasing demand and remain competitive. Improvements in these services depend on many factors, including continued access to and deployment of adequate spectrum and the capital needed to expand our wireline network to support transport of these services. In order to stem broadband subscriber losses to cable competitors in our non-fiber wireline areas, we have been expanding our all-fiber wireline network. We must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of video, data and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. To this end, we have participated in spectrum auctions and continue to deploy software and other technology advancements in order to efficiently invest in our network. \
 Network service enhancements and product launches may not occur as scheduled or at the cost expected due to many factors, including delays in determining equipment and wireless handset operating standards, supplier delays, software issues, increases in network and handset component costs, regulatory permitting delays for tower sites or enhancements, or labor-related delays. Deployment of new technology also may adversely affect the performance of the network for existing services. If we cannot acquire needed spectrum or deploy the services customers desire on a timely basis with acceptable quality and at adequate cost, then our ability to attract and retain customers, and, therefore, maintain and improve our operating margins, could be materially adversely affected. \
Increasing competition for wireless customers could materially adversely affect our operating results. \
We have multiple wireless competitors in each of our service areas and compete for customers based principally on service/device offerings, price, network quality, coverage area and customer service. In addition, we are facing growing competition from providers offering services using advanced wireless technologies and IP-based networks. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry\'92s customer growth rate to moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, leading to increased competition for customers. We also expect that our customers\'92 growing demand for high-speed video and data services will place constraints on our network capacity. These competition and capacity constraints will continue to put pressure on pricing and margins as companies compete for potential customers. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. These efforts will involve significant expenses and require strategic management decisions on, and timely implementation of, equipment choices, network deployment and service offerings. \
 Ongoing changes in the television industry and consumer viewing patterns could materially adversely affect our operating results. \
 Our video subsidiaries derive substantial revenues and profits from cable networks and premium pay television services and the production and licensing of television programming to broadcast and cable networks and premium pay television services. The U.S. television industry is continuing to evolve rapidly, with developments in technology leading to new methods for the distribution of video content and changes in when, where and how audiences consume video content. These changes have led to (1) new, internet-based OTT competitors, which are increasing in number and some of which have significant and growing subscriber/user bases, and (2) reduced viewers of traditional advertising-supported television resulting from increased video consumption through SVOD services, time-shifted viewing of television programming and the use of DVRs to skip advertisements. The number of subscribers to traditional linear programming in the U.S. has been declining in recent years and the U.S. television industry has generally experienced declines in ratings for programming, which have negatively affected subscription and advertising revenues, and these trends are expected to continue. The popularity of content, whether on television, on the internet, or through movies, is difficult to predict and can change rapidly, and low public acceptance of our television, OTT and movie content, including WarnerMedia\'92s content, could adversely affect our results of operations. We are taking steps to mitigate the risks from these changes, such as our 2020 launch of our HBO Max direct-to-consumer streaming platform and new, enhanced advertising opportunities, but there can be no assurance that these and other efforts will be successful in responding to these changes. \
 Intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by piracy or be inadequate to take advantage of business opportunities, such as new distribution platforms, which may materially adversely affect our operations. \
 Increased piracy of video content, products and other intellectual property, particularly in our foreign WarnerMedia and Latin American operations, will decrease revenues. Mobile and broadband technological developments have made it easier to reproduce and distribute high-quality unauthorized copies of content. Piracy is particularly prevalent in countries that lack effective copyright and other legal protections or enforcement measures and thieves can attract users throughout the world. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country where we operate. We may need to spend significant amounts of money to protect our rights. We are also increasingly negotiating broader licensing agreements to expand our ability to use new methods to distribute content to customers. Any impairment of our intellectual property rights, including due to changes in U.S. or foreign intellectual property laws or the absence of effective legal protections or enforcement measures, or our inability to negotiate broader distribution rights, could materially adversely impact our operations. \
Company-Specific Financial Factors: \
Adoption of new software-based technologies may involve quality and supply chain issues and could increase capital costs. \
The communications and digital entertainment industry has experienced rapid changes in the past several years. An increasing number of our customers are using mobile devices as the primary means of viewing video and an increasing number of nontraditional video providers are developing content and technologies to satisfy the desire for video entertainment demand. In addition, businesses and government bodies are broadly shifting to wireless-based services for homes and infrastructure to improve services to their respective customers and constituencies. In order to meet this demand and remain competitive, we now offer a mobile TV service and continue to upgrade our sophisticated wired and wireless networks, including satellites, as well as research other technologies. We are spending significant capital to shift our wired network to software-based technology to manage this demand and are launching 5G wireless technology to address these consumer demands. We are entering into a significant number of software licensing agreements and working with software developers to provide network functions in lieu of installing switches or other physical network equipment in order to respond to rapid developments in video and wireless demand. While software-based functionality can be changed much more quickly than, for example, physical switches, the rapid pace of development means that we may increasingly need to rely on single-source and software solutions that have not previously been deployed in production environments. Should this software not function as intended or our license agreements provide inadequate protection from intellectual property infringement claims, we could be forced to either substitute (if available), or else spend time to develop alternative technologies at a much higher cost and incur harm to our reputation for reliability, and, as a result, our ability to remain competitive could be materially adversely affected. \
 Increasing costs to provide video and other services could adversely affect operating margins. \
 Our operating costs, including customer acquisition and retention costs, could continue to put pressure on margins and customer retention levels. In addition, most of our video programming that we distribute via our linear services is provided by other companies and historically the rates they charge us for programming have often increased more than the rate of inflation. In addition, as customer viewing habits shift to mobile and on-demand from linear programming, negotiating licensing rights is increasingly complicated. We are attempting to use our increased scale and access to wireless customers to change this trend but such negotiations are difficult and also may result in programming disruption. Our new HBO Max streaming platform is another component of our strategy to reach nontraditional video customers and we are investing heavily to launch a competitive and attractive offering. If we are unable to restrain these costs or provide programming desired by our customers, it could impact margins and our ability to attract and retain customers. Our WarnerMedia operations, which create and license content to other providers, also may experience increasing difficulties to secure favorable terms, including those related to pricing, positioning and packaging, during contract negotiations, which may lead to blackouts of WarnerMedia programming, and WarnerMedia may face greater difficulty in achieving placement of its networks and premium pay television services in smaller bundles or mobile offerings by third parties. \
 A number of our competitors offering comparable legacy services that rely on alternative technologies and business models are typically subject to less (or no) regulation, and therefore are able to operate with lower costs. These competitors generally can focus on discrete customer segments since they do not have regulatory obligations to provide universal service. Also, these competitors have cost advantages compared to us, due in part to operating on newer, more technically advanced and lower-cost networks and a nonunionized workforce, lower employee benefits and fewer retirees. We have begun initiatives at both the state and federal levels to obtain regulatory approvals, where needed, to transition services from our older copper-based network to an advanced IP-based network. If we do not obtain regulatory approvals for our network transition or obtain approvals with onerous conditions, we could experience significant cost and competitive disadvantages. \
 If our efforts to attract and retain subscribers to our new HBO Max platform are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. \
 As with any new product launch, HBO Max\'92s future success is subject to inherent uncertainty. Our ability to attract subscribers to the HBO Max platform will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide subscribers with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing those content choices. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, promotions, and pricing and related features of competitors to HBO Max may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain subscribers. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as multichannel video programming distributors and internet-based movie and TV content providers. If consumers do not perceive our offerings to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or offerings, terminate or modify promotional or trial period offerings, experience technical issues, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers. In addition, many subscribers to these types of offerings originate from word-of-mouth advertising from then existing subscribers. If our efforts to satisfy subscribers are not successful, including because we terminate or modify promotional or trial-period offerings or because of technical issues with the platform, we may not be able to attract subscribers, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. \
If subscribers cancel or decide to not continue subscriptions for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use it sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, unsatisfactory availability of content, promotions or trial-period offers expire or are modified, competitive services or promotions provide a better value or experience, and customer service or technical issues are not satisfactorily resolved, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new subscribers both to replace canceled subscribers and to grow our business. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that a significant portion of our content costs are committed and contracted over several years based on minimum subscriber delivery levels, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our (per subscriber) revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with competitors in retaining and attracting new subscribers, our business will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of subscribers do cancel, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures or offer significantly more generous promotions to replace these subscribers with new subscribers. \
 Unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures. \
 We are subject to a number of lawsuits both in the United States and in foreign countries, including, at any particular time, claims relating to antitrust; patent infringement; wage and hour; personal injury; customer privacy violations; regulatory proceedings; and selling and collection practices. We also spend substantial resources complying with various government standards, which may entail related investigations and litigation. In the wireless area, we also face current and potential litigation relating to alleged adverse health effects on customers or employees who use such technologies including, for example, wireless devices. We may incur significant expenses defending such suits or government charges and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could materially adversely affect our operations or financial results. \
 Cyberattacks, equipment failures, natural disasters and terrorist acts may materially adversely affect our operations. \
 Cyberattacks, major equipment failures or natural disasters, such as flooding, hurricanes and forest fires, whether caused by discrete severe weather events and/or precipitated by long-term climate change and earthquakes, software problems, terrorist acts or other breaches of network or IT security that affect our networks, including software and switches, microwave links, third-party-owned local and long-distance networks on which we rely, our cell sites or other equipment, our satellites, our customer account support and information systems, or employee and business records could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our wired network in particular is becoming increasingly reliant on software as it evolves to handle increasing demands for video transmission. While we have been subject to security incidents or cyberattacks, these did not result in a material adverse effect on our operations. However, as such attacks continue to increase in scope and frequency, we may be unable to prevent a significant attack in the future. Our ability to maintain and upgrade our video programming also depends on our ability to successfully deploy and operate video satellites. Our inability to deploy or operate our networks or customer support systems or protect sensitive personal information of customers or valuable technical and marketing information could result in significant expenses, potential legal liability, a loss of current or future customers and reputation damage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. \
 Increases in our debt levels to fund acquisitions, additional spectrum purchases, or other strategic decisions could adversely affect our ability to finance future debt at attractive rates and reduce our ability to respond to competition and adverse economic trends. \
 We have incurred debt to fund significant acquisitions, as well as spectrum purchases needed to compete in our industry. While we believe such decisions were prudent and necessary to take advantage of both growth opportunities and respond to industry developments, we did experience credit-rating downgrades from historical levels. Banks and potential purchasers of our publicly traded debt may decide that these strategic decisions and similar actions we may take in the future, as well as expected trends in the industry, will continue to increase the risk of investing in our debt and may demand a higher rate of interest, impose restrictive covenants or otherwise limit the amount of potential borrowing. Additionally, our capital allocation plan is focused on, among other things, further reducing our debt going forward. Any failure to successfully execute this plan could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.