Please consider the following risk factors carefully. If any of the following risks were to occur, it could
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and the market price of our securities could decrease significantly. Statements below to the
effect that an event could harm our business (or similar statements) mean that the event could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
These are not the only risks we face. 
 We have a history of significant losses. If we do not maintain profitability, our financial condition and our stock price could suffer. 
 We have a history of losses and we may incur operating and net losses in the foreseeable future. At December 31, 2012, our
accumulated deficit was $247 million. We need to
generate significant revenues to maintain profitability, and we may not be able to do so. Although we had net income of $14.7 million in 2012, we incurred a net loss of $19.4 million in
2011. We may be unable to maintain profitability in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly than we anticipate or decline, or if our expenses exceed our expectations, our financial results would
be harmed and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could fall below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. 
 We are an e-commerce business and we depend on the continued use of the Internet and the adequacy of the Internet infrastructure. 
 Our business depends upon the widespread use of the Internet and e-commerce. Factors which could reduce the widespread use
of the Internet for e-commerce include: 
 We depend on our relationships with independent fulfillment partners for a large portion of the products that we offer for sale on our Website. If we fail to maintain these
relationships, our business will suffer. 
 At December 31, 2012, we had relationships with approximately 2,100 independent fulfillment partners whose products we offer for
sale on our Website. Products provided by
our fulfillment partners accounted for 86% of our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012. If we do not maintain our existing relationships or build new relationships with fulfillment
partners on acceptable commercial terms, we may not be able to maintain a broad selection of merchandise, and our business and prospects would suffer severely. Our agreements with fulfillment partners
are generally terminable at will by either party upon short notice. 
 We depend on our fulfillment partners to perform certain services regarding the products that we offer. 
 In general, we agree to offer the fulfillment partners' products on our Website and these fulfillment partners agree to conduct a
number of other traditional retail operations with respect to their respective products, including maintaining inventory, preparing merchandise for shipment to individual customers and delivering
purchased merchandise on a timely basis. We may be unable to ensure that these third parties will continue to perform these services to our satisfaction or on commercially reasonable terms. In
addition, because we do not take possession of these fulfillment parties' products (other than on the return of such products), we are generally unable to fulfill these 
 traditional
retail operations ourselves. If our customers become dissatisfied with the services provided by these third parties, our business and reputation and the Overstock.com brand could suffer. 
 Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced and the safety of those products could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important aspect of our business. We depend on our ability to access products
from qualified suppliers in a timely and efficient manner. Political and economic instability, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers' ability to meet our standards, labor problems
experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation, and other factors
relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. Further, our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. Concerns regarding the safety of
products that we source from our suppliers and then sell could cause shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their needs, even if the
basis for the concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. As such, any issue regarding the safety of any items we
sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our financial performance. Further, we sell products manufactured for us by third parties, some of which may be defective. If any product that we
sell were to cause physical injury or injury to property, the injured party or parties might bring claims against us as the manufacturer and/or retailer of the product. Our insurance coverage may not
be adequate to cover claims that could be asserted. Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of funds and management time and could have a negative impact on our business. 
 Manufacturers may refuse to sell to us or through our site. 
 We rely upon our fulfillment partners and other suppliers for the product offerings sold on our website and other products and services
we use to run our business. Our ability to retain or attract new fulfillment partners and other suppliers may depend in part on our financial performance. Poor financial performance could result in
suppliers choosing to limit or suspend doing business with us or require us to prepay for our purchases. Further, some manufacturers are unwilling to offer products for sale on the Internet or on
sites like ours. Our inability to source and offer popular products could be a significant problem for us. 
 Our business depends on our Website, network infrastructure and transaction-processing systems. 
 As an e-commerce company, we are completely dependent on our infrastructure. Any system interruption that results in the
unavailability of our Website or reduced performance of our transaction systems could reduce our ability to conduct our business. We use internally and externally developed systems for our Website and
our transaction processing systems, including personalization databases used for internal analytics, recommendations and order verifications. We have experienced periodic systems interruptions due to
server failure and power failure in the past, which we expect will continue to occur from time to time. We have also experienced and may continue to experience temporary capacity constraints due to
sharply increased traffic during sales or other promotions and during the holiday shopping season. Capacity constraints can cause system disruptions, slower response times, delayed page presentation,
degradation in levels of customer service and other problems. In the past we have also experienced difficulties with our infrastructure upgrades. Any future difficulties with our transaction
processing systems or difficulties upgrading, expanding or integrating aspects of our systems may cause system disruptions, slower response times, and degradation in levels of customer service,
additional expense, impaired quality and speed of order fulfillment or other problems. 
 If the facility where substantially all of our computer and communications hardware is located fails, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations
could be harmed. 
 If the facility where substantially all of our computer and communications hardware is located fails, or if we suffer an interruption
or degradation of services at the facility for any reason, our business could be harmed. Our success, and in particular, our ability to successfully receive and fulfill orders and provide
high-quality customer service, largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. Substantially all of our computer and communications
hardware is located at a single co-location facility in Salt Lake City, Utah, with a partially redundant back-up system located less than six miles from the
co-location facility. In the event of an earthquake or major local disaster, or any other cause of interruption of service, both our primary and back-up sites could be
adversely affected. Although we have designed our back-up system in an effort to minimize service interruptions in the event of a failure of our main facility, our systems and operations
are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, acts of war, break-ins, earthquake and similar events.
In the event of a failure of our primary facility, the failover to our back-up facility would take at least several hours, during which time our Website would be completely shut down. Our
back-up facility is designed to support sales at a level slightly above our average daily sales, but is not adequate to support sales at a high level. The back-up facility may
not process effectively during time of higher traffic to our Website and may process transactions more slowly and may not support all of the functionality of our primary site. These limitations could
have an adverse effect on our conversion rate and sales. Our disaster recovery plan may be inadequate, and we do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for the losses
that could occur. Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, the
occurrence of any of which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data or the inability to accept and fulfill customer orders. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could harm
our business. 
 We depend upon third-party delivery services to deliver products to our customers on a timely and consistent basis. Deterioration in our relationship with any one of these
third parties could decrease our ability to track shipments, cause shipment delays, and increase our shipping costs and the number of damaged products. 
 We rely upon third party delivery providers for the shipment of products to customers. We cannot be sure that these relationships will
continue on terms we find acceptable, or at all. Increases in shipping costs or delivery times, particularly during the holiday season, could harm our business. If our relationships with these third
parties are terminated or impaired or if these third parties are unable to deliver products for us, whether as a result of labor shortage, slow down or stoppage, deteriorating financial or business
condition, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, Internet or other infrastructure or communications impairment, natural disasters, or for any other reason, we would be required to use alternative carriers
for the shipment of products to our customers. In addition, conditions such as adverse weather or natural disasters can prevent any carrier from performing its delivery services, which can have an
adverse effect on our customers' satisfaction with us. In any of these circumstances, we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis, upon terms we
find acceptable, or at all. Changing carriers, or absence of carrier availability, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We depend upon our credit card processors and payment card associations. 
 Our customers primarily use credit cards to buy from us. We are dependent upon our credit card processors to process the sales
transactions and remit the proceeds to us. The credit card processors have the right to withhold funds otherwise payable to us to establish or increase a reserve based on their assessment of the
inherent risks of credit card processing and their assessment of the risks of 
 processing
our customers' credit cards at any time, and have done so from time to time in the past. We are also subject to payment card associations' operating rules, certification requirements and
rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be
subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online
payments. In addition, events affecting our credit card processors, including cyber-attacks, Internet or other infrastructure or communications impairment or other events that could interrupt the
normal operation of the credit card processors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We rely upon paid and natural search engines like Google, Bing, and Yahoo to rank our product offerings and may at times be subject to ranking penalties if they believe we
are not in compliance with their guidelines. 
 We rely on paid and natural search engines to attract consumer interest in our product offerings. Potential and existing customers use
search engines provided by search engine companies, including Google, Bing, and Yahoo, which use algorithms and other devices to provide users a natural ranked listing of relevant Internet sites
matching a user's search criteria and specifications. Generally, Internet sites ranked higher in the paid and natural search results lists furnished to users attract the largest visitor share among
similar Internet sites. Among retail Internet sites, those sites achieving the highest natural search ranking often benefit from increased sales. Natural search engine algorithms use information
available throughout the Internet, including information available on our site. Rules and guidelines of these natural search engine companies govern our participation on their sites and how we share
relevant Internet information that may be considered or incorporated into the algorithms used by these sites. If these rules and guidelines or the search engine
algorithms change, or if we fail to present, or improperly present, our site information for use by natural search engine companies, or if any of these natural search engine companies determine that
we have violated their rules or guidelines, as Google did in February 2011 through April 2011, or if others improperly present our site information to these search engine companies, we may fail to
achieve an optimum ranking in natural search engine listing results, or we may be penalized in a way that could harm our business. 
 We are subject to cyber security risks and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks and to respond to cyber incidents. 
 Our business is entirely dependent on the secure operation of our website and systems as well as the operation of the Internet
generally. Our business involves the storage and transmission of users' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation, and
potential liability. A number of large Internet companies have suffered security breaches, some of which have involved intentional attacks. From time to time we and many other Internet businesses also
experience denial of service attacks wherein attackers attempt to block customers' access to our Website. If we are unable to avert a denial of service attack for any significant period, we could
sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of
cyber-attacks. Cyber attacks may target us, our customers, our suppliers, banks, credit card processors, delivery services, e-commerce in general or the communication infrastructure on
which we depend. If an actual or perceived attack or breach of our security occurs, customer and/or supplier perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose
customers, suppliers or both. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train
employees, and engage third party experts and consultants. 
 A
person who is able to circumvent our security measures might be able to misappropriate our or our users' proprietary information, cause interruption in our operations, damage our
computers or 
 those
of our users, or otherwise damage our reputation and business. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial
exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. 
 Most
of our customers use credit cards to pay for their purchases. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and
authentication to
effectively secure transmission of confidential information, including customer payment card numbers. We cannot provide assurance that our technology can prevent breaches of the systems that we use to
protect customer data. Data breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues. 
 Under
payment card rules and our contracts with our card processors, if there is a breach of payment card information that we store, we could be liable to the payment card issuing banks
for their cost of issuing new cards and related expenses. In addition, if we fail to follow payment card industry security standards, even if there is no compromise of customer information, we could
incur significant fines or lose our ability to give customers the option of using payment cards to fund their payments or pay their fees. If we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would
be seriously damaged. 
 Our
servers and the servers of our suppliers may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar disruptions, including
denial-of-service attacks. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against attacks or security breaches or to address problems caused by attacks or breaches. Any
attack or breach incident involving us or persons with whom we have commercial relationships, that results in the unauthorized release of our users' personal information, could damage our reputation
and expose us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability. 
 Third
parties have demonstrated that they can breach the security of customer transaction data of large sophisticated Internet retailers, government organizations and others. Any breach,
whether it affects us directly or not, could cause our customers to lose confidence in the security of our site or the use of the Internet and e-commerce in general. If third parties are
able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate our customers' personal information or credit card information, or if we give third parties improper access to our customers'
personal information or credit card information, we could be subject to liability. This liability could include claims for unauthorized purchases with credit card information, impersonation or other
similar fraud claims or damages for alleged violations of state or federal laws governing security protocols for the safekeeping of customers' personal or credit card information. This liability could
also include claims for other misuses of personal information, including unauthorized marketing purposes. These claims could result in litigation. Liability for misappropriation of this information
could adversely affect our business. 
 Credit card fraud and our response to it could adversely affect our business. 
 We routinely receive orders placed with fraudulent credit card data. We do not carry insurance against the risk of credit card fraud,
so our failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions could reduce our net revenues and our gross profit. We have implemented technology to help us detect and reject the fraudulent
use of credit card information. However, we may in the future suffer losses as a result of orders placed with fraudulent credit card data even if the associated financial institution approved payment
of the orders. Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for fraudulent credit card transactions because we do not obtain a cardholder's signature. If we are unable to detect or control
credit card fraud, our liability for these transactions could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. Further,
to the extent that our efforts to prevent fraudulent orders result in our inadvertent refusal to fill legitimate orders, we would lose the benefit of legitimate potential sales and risk the alienation
of legitimate customers. 
 Cyber-attacks affecting our suppliers, delivery services or other service providers could adversely affect us. 
 We depend on our fulfillment partners to provide a large portion of the product selection we offer and on vendors for the products we
purchase and offer in our direct business. We also depend on delivery services to deliver products, and on other service providers, including suppliers of services which support Website operations,
including payment systems, customer service support, and communications. Cyber-attacks affecting our delivery services or any of our most significant suppliers or affecting a significant number of our
suppliers of products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business. The adverse effects could include our inability to source product or fulfill orders, our customers' or
suppliers' inability to contact us or access our Website or call centers or chat lines, or the compromise of our customers' confidential data. 
 Natural disasters and geo-political events could adversely affect our business. 
 Natural disasters, including hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, floods, earthquakes and tsunamis, weather conditions,
including winter storms, droughts and tornados, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, and geo-political events, including civil unrest or terrorist attacks, that affect us or
our delivery services, suppliers, credit card processors or other service providers could adversely affect our business. 
 Our insurance coverage and indemnity rights may not adequately protect us against loss. 
 Although we maintain liability and other types of insurance, including but not limited to, property, workers compensation, general
liability, product liability, and security and privacy breach insurance, we cannot be certain that the types, coverage, or the amounts of coverage we
maintain will be adequate for losses actually incurred, or that the insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms. Similarly, although we are indemnified by most of
our suppliers and vendors for product liability for products they supply us, and we have indemnification agreements with software and hardware suppliers for losses we might incur as a result of the
use of the technology products they supply, we are not indemnified by all our suppliers, nor can we be certain that our indemnification rights are enforceable or adequate to cover actual losses we may
incur as a result of the sale or use of products our indemnitors provide to us. Actual losses for which we are not insured or indemnified, or which exceed our insurance coverage or the capacity of our
indemnitors, could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. 
 The online retail market is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Barriers to entry are minimal, and current and new competitors
can launch new websites at a relatively low cost. We currently compete with numerous competitors, including: 
 We
expect the online retail market to become even more competitive as traditional liquidators and online retailers continue to develop and improve services that compete with our
services. In addition, more traditional manufacturers and retailers may continue to add or improve their e-commerce offerings. Traditional or online retailers may create proprietary,
store-based distribution and returns channels. Competitive pressures, including the introduction of same-day delivery capabilities, from any of our competitors, many of whom have longer
operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do, could harm our business. 
 Further,
as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment, we may from time to time make competitive pricing, service, marketing or other decisions that could harm our
business. For example, to the extent that we enter new lines of businesses such as third-party logistics, or discount brick and mortar retail, we would be competing with large established businesses
such as APL Logistics and Ross Stores, Inc. In the past we have entered the online auctions, car listing and real estate listing businesses in which we compete or competed with large
established businesses including eBay, Inc., AutoTrader.com, Inc. and Realtor.com. We no longer offer online auctions services or real estate listing services. 
 If one or more states successfully assert that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of our merchandise or the merchandise of third parties that we offer for
sale on our Website, or that we should pay commercial activity taxes, our business could be harmed. 
 We do not currently collect sales or other similar taxes for physical shipments of goods into states where we have no duty to do so
under federal court decisions construing applicable constitutional law. One or more local, state or foreign jurisdictions may seek to impose sales tax collection obligations on us because we are
engaged in online commerce, even though to do so would be contrary to existing court decisions. The future location of our fulfillment or customer service centers networks, or any other operation,
service contracts with third parties located in another state, channel distribution arrangements or other agreements with third party sellers, or any act that may be deemed by a state to have
established a physical presence in states where we are not now present, may result in additional sales and other tax obligations. New York and other states have passed so-called "Internet
affiliate advertising" statutes, which require a remote seller, with no physical presence in the state, to collect state sales tax if the remote seller contracted for advertising services with an
Internet advertiser in that state. In New York and states passing similar laws, we have terminated our use of locally based Internet advertisers. Several other states currently have similar tax
proposals under consideration. In a case that is now on appeal, an Illinois state court struck down on constitutional grounds a similar Illinois statute. If such laws survive constitutional challenge,
we may elect to discontinue in those states valuable marketing through the use of affiliates based in those
states, or may begin to collect taxes in those states. In either event, our business could be harmed. Further, our business could be harmed if one or more states or any foreign country successfully
asserts that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of our merchandise. In September 2009, we received a letter of determination from the Ohio Department of Taxation noting the
Department's determination that we are required to register for remitting of the Commercial Activity Tax, and owe $612,784 in taxes, interest, and penalties as of June 30, 2009. The Ohio
Department of Taxation has issued additional estimated assessments of estimated tax, interest and penalties totaling $146,162 as of December 31, 2012. We have filed protests to challenge the
Department's Assessments on constitutional grounds and the matter is currently pending before the Ohio Department of Taxation's Legal Division for administrative review and determination. A hearing on
these matters was held November 18, 2011. No administrative ruling has been issued following the hearing. We believe the determinations to be unlawful and erroneous and are vigorously
contesting the determination. If Ohio is successful and its assessment withstands constitutional challenge in both administrative and judicial appeals, the enforcement of the assessment 
 could
harm our business. If other states similarly enact and are successful in enforcing similar commercial activity tax laws, these also could harm our business. 
 Several
other states have enacted laws requiring remote vendors to notify resident purchasers in those states of their obligation to pay a use tax on their purchases and, in some
instances, to report untaxed purchases to the state tax authorities. In Colorado, a federal court on constitutional grounds granted a preliminary injunction against the state's enforcement its
tax-notice and reporting law. However, other states may enact legislation similar to these laws. Such laws could harm our business by imposing unreasonable notice burdens upon us, by
interposing burdensome transaction notices that negatively affect conversion, or by discouraging customer purchases by requiring detailed purchase reporting. 
 Economic pressure on states could harm our business. 
 The current economic climate has resulted in a sharp decline in state revenues, and states have projected large state budget shortfalls
in the years ahead. These shortfalls require state legislatures and agencies to examine the means to increase state revenues. States may increase sales and use tax rates, create new tax laws covering
previously untaxed activities, or increase existing license fees or create new fees all of which may directly or indirectly harm our business. Similarly, administrative agencies may apply more
rigorous enforcement efforts or take inflexible positions respecting the laws they administer, especially if the laws permit the imposition of monetary penalties and fines which either the state or
the administrative agency may use to balance their budgets. To the extent that states pass additional revenue measures, or significantly increase their enforcement efforts, these activities could
directly or indirectly harm our business. 
 If we do not respond to rapid technological changes, our services could become obsolete and we could lose customers. 
 The Internet and the online commerce industry are changing rapidly. To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the
functionality and features of our e-commerce businesses. If we fail to do so, we may lose customers. If competitors introduce new products or services using new technologies or if new
industry standards and practices emerge, our Website and our proprietary technology and systems may become obsolete. Our failure to respond to technological change or to adequately maintain, upgrade
and develop our computer network and the systems used to process customers' orders and payments could harm our business. 
 We have an evolving business model. 
 Our business model has evolved in the past and continues to do so. In prior years we have added additional types of services and
product offerings and in some cases we have modified or discontinued those offerings. We may continue to try to offer additional types of products or services, and we cannot offer any assurance that
any of them will be successful. From time to time we have also modified aspects of our business model relating to our product mix and the mix of direct/fulfillment partner sourcing of the products we
offer. We may continue to modify this aspect of our business as well as other significant aspects of our business. We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be
successful or will not result in harm to the business. The additions and modifications to our business have increased the complexity of our business and placed significant strain on our management,
personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Future additions to or modifications of our business are likely to
have similar effects. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. Further, any new business or
website we launch that is not favorably received by consumers could damage our reputation or the Overstock.com brand. 
 We are attempting to expand our international business, which may cause our business to become increasingly susceptible to numerous international business risks and
challenges that could affect our profitability. 
 We sell products in international markets, and in the future we may expand into these markets more aggressively. International sales
and transactions are subject to inherent risks and challenges that could adversely affect our profitability, including: 
 To
the extent we generate international sales transactions in the future, any negative impact on our international operations could negatively impact our business. To date, most of our
international sales have been denominated in U.S. dollars, and we have not had significant foreign currency risk on those sales. However, in the future, gains and losses on the conversion of foreign
payments into U. S. dollars may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced gross revenues and/or gross profit percentages from
non-dollar-denominated international sales. Additionally, penalties for non-compliance with laws applicable to international business and trade, such as the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, could negatively impact our business. 
 Our foreign brand domain name may cause confusion. 
 In July 2010, we undertook an effort to associate our brand globally with the domain address: www.O.co. We did this in part because in
many foreign markets the word "Overstock" lacked a good foreign cognate. Following a period of testing for the O.co brand and domain address, we returned to the Overstock.com name as our primary brand
domestically because domestic consumer acceptance did not occur as quickly as we had hoped. While we have returned domestically to the Overstock.com brand and principal domain address, there is no
assurance that the use of Overstock.com or O.co will gain acceptance or have success in foreign markets. 
 We may incur substantial indebtedness. 
 At December 31, 2012, we had no indebtedness for borrowed money, and our only credit facility was a $3 million facility
for the issuance of letters of credit. Although we have reduced our indebtedness substantially over the last several years, in the future we may again incur substantial indebtedness. Any such
indebtedness would increase our business risks, including our vulnerability to industry downturns and competitive pressures. Further, financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at
all. 
 Existing or future government regulation could harm our business. 
 We are subject to regulation at the federal, state and international levels, including regulation relating to privacy, security,
retention, transfer and use of personal user information and telemarketing laws. Increasing regulation, along with increased governmental or private enforcement, may increase the cost of our business.
Compliance with existing and new privacy and security laws may be difficult and costly and may further restrict our ability to collect demographic and personal information from 
 users,
which could harm our marketing efforts, and could require us to implement new and potentially costly processes, procedures and/or protective measures. The expansion of these and other laws,
both in terms of their number and their applicability to the Internet could also harm our business. Many laws, adopted prior to the advent of the Internet, do not contemplate or address the unique
issues raised thereby. Consequently, courts or regulators may apply these laws to Internet commerce in ways that may present difficult or impossible compliance challenges. Many of those laws that do
reference the Internet are still being interpreted by the courts and their applicability and reach are therefore uncertain. Moreover, Internet advances and innovations may result in new questions
about the applicability and reach of these laws. Additionally, laws governing the permissible contents of products may adversely affect us, and we are subject to federal and state consumer laws,
including those governing advertising, product labeling, product content requirements and product safety, and mandated website disclosures about programs to eliminate abusive labor practices in our
supply chain. The laws not only apply to future manufacture of consumer product, but also apply to existing inventories and may cause us to incur losses for any non-compliant items in our
inventory, or which we may have sold which may subject us to regulatory or civil actions. Some of the products we sell or manufacture may, under statutory or common law, from time to time expose us to
claims related to personal injury, death, environmental or property damage and may from time to time require product recalls or other actions which may not be covered, in whole or in part, by our
liability insurance. These current and future laws and regulations could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 
 General economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. 
 General economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance. In the United States, changes in interest rates, changes in
fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the housing market, inflation or deflation or expectations of either inflation or deflation, higher levels of unemployment, unavailability or limitations of
consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels or efforts by consumers to reduce debt levels, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, overall economic slowdown, changes in consumer desires
affecting demand for the products and services we sell and other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell, change the mix of products we sell to a
mix with a lower average gross margin and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory. Higher interest rates, transportation costs, inflation, higher costs of labor,
insurance and healthcare, foreign exchange rates fluctuations, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic factors in the United States can
increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and operating results. These factors affect not only our
operations, but also the operations of suppliers from whom we purchase goods, a condition that can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods and services we sell. 
 Decreases in discretionary consumer spending may have an adverse effect on us. 
 A substantial portion of the products and services we offer are products or services that consumers may view as discretionary items
rather than necessities. As a result, our results of operations are sensitive to changes in macro-economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Difficult
macro-economic conditions, particularly high levels of unemployment, also impact our customers' ability to obtain consumer credit. Other factors, including consumer confidence, employment levels,
interest rates, tax rates, consumer debt levels, and fuel and energy costs could reduce consumer spending or change consumer purchasing habits. Slowdowns in the U.S. or global economy, or an uncertain
economic outlook, could materially adversely affect consumer spending habits and our operating results. 
 We may need to implement additional finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls as we grow our business and organization and to satisfy new reporting
requirements. 
 We are required to comply with a variety of reporting, accounting and other rules and regulations. Compliance with existing
requirements is expensive. Further requirements may increase our costs and require additional management time and resources. We may need to implement additional finance and accounting systems,
procedures and controls to satisfy our reporting requirements. If our internal control over financial reporting is determined to be ineffective, such failure could cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, negatively affect the market price of our common stock, subject us to regulatory investigations and penalties, and adversely impact our business and financial
condition. 
 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our
financial results. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with
regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to revenue recognition, estimating valuation allowances and accrued liabilities (including allowances for
returns, credit card chargebacks, doubtful accounts and obsolete and damaged inventory), internal use software and website development (acquired and developed internally), accounting for income taxes,
valuation of long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill, stock-based compensation and loss contingencies, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and
judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or
expected financial performance. 
 We face risks relating to our inventory. 
 In our direct business, we sell merchandise that we have purchased and hold in inventory. We assume the risks of inventory damage,
theft and obsolescence, as well as risks of price erosion for these products. These risks are especially significant because some of the merchandise we sell is characterized by seasonal trends,
fashion trends, rapid technological change, obsolescence and price erosion and because we sometimes make large purchases of particular types of inventory. Subject to our returns policies, we accept
returns of products sold through our fulfillment partners and we have the risk of reselling the returned products. In the past we have recorded charges for obsolete inventory and have had to sell
certain merchandise at a discount or loss. To the extent that we rely on purchased inventory, our success will depend on our ability to sell our inventory rapidly, the ability of our buying staff to
purchase inventory at attractive prices relative to its resale value and our ability to manage customer returns and other costs. If we are unsuccessful in any of these areas, we may be forced to sell
our inventory at a discount or loss. Further, we purchase some of our inventory from foreign suppliers and pay for inventory with U.S. dollars. If the dollar weakens with respect to foreign
currencies, foreign suppliers may require us to pay higher prices for products, which could negatively affect our profit margins. 
 If we do not successfully optimize and operate our warehouse and customer service operations, our business could be harmed. 
 We have expanded, contracted and otherwise modified our warehouse and customer service operations from time to time in the past, and
expect that we will continue to do so. If we do not successfully optimize and operate our warehouse and customer service operations, it could significantly limit our ability to meet customer demand or
result in excessive costs and expenses for the size of our business. Because it is difficult to predict demand, we may not manage our facilities in an optimal way, which may result in excess or
insufficient inventory or warehousing capacity. We may also fail to staff 
 our
fulfillment and customer service centers at optimal levels. Our failure to do so could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, investments in precious metals and short-term investments are subject to a risk of loss based upon the solvency of the financial
institutions in which they are maintained and movement in the precious metals markets. 
 We maintain the majority of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in accounts with a small number of major
financial institutions within the United States, in the form of demand deposits, money market accounts, time deposits, U.S. Treasury Bills and other short-term investments. Our deposits in
these institutions generally exceed the amounts of insurance provided, and some deposits may not be covered by insurance at all. We keep our precious metals in a secure third party facility. If any of
these institutions were to become insolvent, we could lose some, or all, of such deposits, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Our investment in precious metals is
also subject to price movements in the precious metals markets. 
 If we fail to accurately forecast our expenses and revenues, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may suffer and the price of our
securities may decline. 
 The rapidly evolving nature of our industry and the constantly evolving nature of our business, make forecasting operating results
difficult. Since 2005, we have completed several large, complex and expensive infrastructure upgrades in order to increase our ability to handle larger volumes of sales and to develop or increase our
ability to perform a variety of analytical procedures relating to our business. We are continuing to upgrade and further expand these and other components of our infrastructure. In the past, we have
experienced difficulties with upgrades of our infrastructure, and have incurred increased expenses as a result of these difficulties. As a result of these expenditures on our infrastructure, our
ability to reduce spending is limited. Therefore, any significant shortfall in the revenues for which we have built and are continuing to build our infrastructure would likely harm our business. 
 The seasonality of our business places increased strain on our operations. 
 A disproportionate amount of our sales normally occur during our fourth quarter. If we do not stock or are otherwise unable to source
products sufficient to meet customer demand, our business would be adversely affected. If we liquidate products, as we have in the past, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or
write-offs, which could reduce gross profits. We may experience an increase in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone
shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our Website within a short period of time due to increased holiday demand, we may experience system
interruptions that make our Website unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we sell and the attractiveness of our products and services. In
addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers during peak periods, and delivery services and other fulfillment companies and customer service providers
may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. 
 Significant merchandise returns could harm our business. 
 We allow our customers to return products, subject to our returns policies. If merchandise returns are significant, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Further, we modify our policies relating to returns from time to time and any policies intended to reduce the number of
product returns may result in customer dissatisfaction and fewer repeat customers. 
 Our pricing strategy may not meet customers' price expectations or result in net income. 
 Demand for our products is generally highly sensitive to price. Our pricing strategies have had, and may continue to have, a
significant impact on our net sales and net income. We often offer discounted prices, and free or discounted shipping as a means of attracting customers and encouraging repeat purchases. Such offers
and discounts reduce our margins. In addition, our competitors' pricing and marketing strategies are beyond our control and can significantly impact the results of our pricing strategies. If we fail
to meet our customers' price expectations, or if we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors when they engage in aggressive pricing strategies or other competitive activities, our
business would suffer. 
 If the products that we offer on our Website do not reflect our customers' tastes and preferences, our sales and profit margins would decrease. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to offer products that reflect consumers' tastes and preferences. Consumers' tastes are
subject to frequent, significant and sometimes unpredictable changes. Because some of the products that we sell consist of manufacturers' and retailers' excess inventory, we have limited control over
some of the products that we are able to offer for sale. If our merchandise fails to satisfy customers' tastes or respond to changes in customer preferences, our sales could suffer and we could be
required to mark down unsold inventory, as we have in the past, which would depress our profit margins. In addition, any failure to offer products in line with customers' preferences could allow our
competitors to gain market share. This could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 The loss of key personnel or any inability to attract and retain additional personnel could affect our ability to successfully grow our business. 
 Our performance is substantially dependent on the continued services and on the performance of our senior management and other key
personnel. Our performance also depends on our ability to retain and motivate our officers and key employees. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees for any
reason could harm our business. Occasionally, members of senior management or key employees may find it necessary to take a leave of
absence due to medical or other causes. On February 12, 2013 we announced that our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Dr. Patrick M. Byrne, will be taking a
personal leave of absence for medical reasons. Leaves of absence for temporary or extended periods may harm our business. We do not have employment agreements with any of our key personnel and we do
not maintain "key person" life insurance policies. Our future success also depends on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, retain and motivate other highly-skilled technical, managerial,
editorial, merchandising, marketing and customer service personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense. Our failure to retain and attract the necessary technical, managerial, editorial,
merchandising, marketing, and customer service personnel could harm our business. 
 In order to obtain future revenue growth and sustain profitability, we will have to attract and retain customers on cost-effective terms. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers on cost-effective terms. We have relationships with
online services, search engines, affiliate marketing websites, directories and other website and e-commerce businesses to provide content, advertising banners and other links that direct
customers to our Website. We rely on these relationships as significant sources of traffic to our Website and to generate new customers. In the past we have terminated affiliate marketing websites as
a result of efforts by certain states to require us to collect sales taxes based on the presence of those third party Internet advertising affiliates in those states, and we are likely to do so again
in the future if necessary. If we are unable to develop or maintain these relationships on acceptable terms, our ability 
 to
attract new customers and our financial condition would suffer. In addition, certain of our online marketing agreements may require us to pay upfront fees and make other payments prior to the
realization of the sales, if any, associated with those payments. Current or future relationships or agreements may fail to produce the sales that we anticipate. We periodically conduct national
television and radio branding and advertising campaigns. Such campaigns are expensive and may not result in the cost-effective acquisition of customers. 
 We may be unable to protect our proprietary technology or keep up with that of our competitors. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the protection of our software and other proprietary intellectual property rights. We
may be unable to deter misappropriation of our proprietary information, detect unauthorized use or take appropriate steps to enforce our
intellectual property rights. In addition, our competitors may now have or may in the future develop technologies that are as good as or better than our technology without violating our proprietary
rights. Our failure to protect our software and other proprietary intellectual property rights or to utilize technologies that are as good as our competitors' could put us at a disadvantage to our
competitors. In addition, the failure of the third parties whose products we offer for sale on our Website to protect their intellectual property rights, including their domain names, could impair our
operations. These failures could harm our business. 
 We may not be able to obtain trademark protection for our marks, which could impede our efforts to build brand identity. 
 We have filed trademark applications with the Patent and Trademark Office seeking registration of certain service marks and trademarks.
There can be no assurance that our applications will be successful or that we will be able to secure significant protection for our service marks or trademarks in the United States or elsewhere as we
expand internationally. Our competitors or others could adopt product or service marks similar to our marks, or try to prevent us from using our marks, thereby impeding our ability to build brand
identity and possibly leading to customer confusion. Any claim by another party against us or customer confusion related to our trademarks, or our failure to obtain trademark registration, could harm
our business. 
 We may not be able to enforce protection of our intellectual property rights under the laws of other countries. 
 We sell products internationally and consequently we are subject to risks of doing business internationally as related to our
intellectual property, including: 
 We may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 Other parties have claimed and may claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights. We have been and are subject to, and
expect to continue to be subject to, legal claims of alleged infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties. The ready availability of damages, royalties and the potential for
injunctive relief has increased the defense litigation costs of patent infringement claims, especially those asserted by third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. Such
claims, even if not meritorious, may result in significant expenditure of financial and managerial resources, and the payment of damages or settlement amounts. Additionally, we may become subject to
injunctions prohibiting us from using software or business processes we 
 currently
use or may need to use in the future, or requiring us to obtain licenses from third parties when such licenses may not be available on financially feasible terms or terms acceptable to us or
at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms, or at all, licenses or other rights with respect to intellectual property we do not own in providing e-commerce
services to other businesses and individuals under commercial agreements. 
 Our business and reputation may be harmed by the offering or sale of pirated, counterfeit or illegal items by third parties, and by intellectual property litigation. 
 We have received in the past, and we anticipate we will receive in the future, communications alleging that items offered or sold
through our Website infringe third-party copyrights, trademarks and trade names or other intellectual property rights or that we have otherwise infringed third parties' past, current or future
intellectual property rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from offering and selling unlawful goods, and we may be subject to allegations of civil or criminal liability for unlawful
activities carried out by third parties through our Website. We may implement measures in an effort to protect against these potential liabilities that could require us to spend substantial resources
and/or to reduce revenues by discontinuing certain service offerings. Any costs incurred as a result of liability or asserted liability relating to the sale of unlawful goods or the unlawful sale of
goods could harm our business. Resolving litigation or claims regarding patents or other intellectual property, whether meritorious or not, could be costly, time-consuming, cause service
delays, divert our management and key personnel from our business operations, require expensive or unwanted changes in our methods of doing business or require us to enter into costly royalty or
licensing agreements, if available. As a result, these claims could harm our business. Negative publicity generated as a result of the foregoing could damage our reputation, harm our business and
diminish the value of our brand name. 
 Use of social media may adversely impact our reputation. 
 There has been a marked increase in use of social media platforms and similar devices, including weblogs (blogs), social media
websites, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individual access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Consumers value readily available information
concerning retailers, manufacturers, and their goods and services and often act on such information without further investigation, authentication and without regard to its accuracy. The availability
of information on social media platforms and devices is virtually immediate as is its impact. Social media platforms and devices immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants
post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is virtually limitless. Information
concerning or affecting us may be posted on such platforms and devices at any time. Information posted may be inaccurate and adverse to us, and it may harm our business. The harm may be immediate
without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Such platforms also could be used for the dissemination of trade secret information or compromise of other valuable company assets, any
of which could harm our business. 
 Our car listing service may be subject to a variety of regulatory requirements and risks. 
 Many states and other jurisdictions, including Utah, where we are located, have regulations governing the conduct of car sellers and
public advertisement for car sales. Generally, these regulations govern the conduct of those sellers advertising their automobiles for sale and are not directly applicable to those providing the
medium through which the advertisement is made available to the public. Sellers are often subject to regulations in the nature of "truth in advertising laws." We have no ability to know whether the
information sellers provide is correct. While our site terms and conditions of usage prohibit unlawful acts, we cannot assure that sellers will comply with all laws and regulations applicable 
 to
them and their transactions. The application of these regulations to online car listing service providers is not clear. Although we do not expect these laws to have a significant effect on our
listing service, we will incur costs in complying with these laws, and we may from time to time be required to make changes in our service that may increase our costs, reduce our revenues, cause us to
prohibit certain listing or advertising practices, or make other changes that may adversely affect our car listing service. Further, like our shopping business, our car listing service is subject to
most of the same laws and regulations that apply to other companies conducting business on and off the Internet. To the
extent that current or future laws or regulations prevent users from selling items on our car listing site, they could harm our business. In addition, any negative publicity we receive regarding any
allegations of unlawful or deceptive conduct may damage our reputation, our ability to attract new customers to our main shopping site, and the Overstock.com brand name generally. 
 We are involved in substantial litigation. 
 From time to time we receive claims of and become subject to consumer protection, employment, intellectual property and other
commercial litigation related to the conduct and operation of our business and the sale of products on our Website. In connection with such litigation, we may be subject to significant damages or
equitable remedies. In addition, we have in the past been, are now, and in the future may be, involved in substantial litigation in which we are the plaintiff, including litigation regarding the
constitutionality of certain state tax laws, and the prime broker litigation described below. Any of such litigation, whether as plaintiff or defendant, could be costly and time consuming and could
divert management and key personnel from our regular business operations. We do not currently believe that any of our outstanding litigation will have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the uncertainty of litigation and depending on the amount and the timing, an unfavorable resolution of some or all of these
matters could materially affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 California District Attorneys have sued us for alleged violations of California law. 
 In April 2008, we received a letter from the Office of the District Attorney of Marin County, California, stating that the District
Attorneys of Marin and four other counties in Northern California had begun an investigation into the way we advertise products for sale. In November 2010, District Attorneys for the California
Counties of Alameda, Marin, Monterey, Napa, Santa Clara, Shasta and Sonoma filed a lawsuit seeking damages and an injunction, alleging violations of California consumer protection laws, alleging we
made untrue or misleading statements concerning our pricing, price reductions, sources of products and shipping charges. The complaint asks for damages in the amount of not less than
$15 million. We dispute the allegations and intend to defend ourselves vigorously. However, an unfavorable resolution of this matter could materially affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 Our prime broker litigation may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We remain involved in substantial litigation against Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs
Execution & Clearing L.P., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., and Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corporation, and the use of management's time and attention
in connection with the litigation and related matters may reduce the time management is able to spend on other aspects of our business, which may have adverse effects on other aspects of our business.
To the extent that any such adverse effects exceed any benefits we may realize from the litigation, it could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Public statements we or our chairman of the board of directors, Patrick M. Byrne, have made or may make in the future may antagonize regulatory officials or others. 
 We and our chairman of the board of directors, Patrick M. Byrne, have from time to time made public statements regarding our or his
beliefs about matters of public interest, including statements regarding naked short selling. Some of those public statements have been critical of the Securities and Exchange Commission and other
regulatory agencies. These public statements may have consequences for us, whether as a result of increased regulatory scrutiny or otherwise. 
 The price of our securities may be volatile and you may lose all or a part of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock historically has been subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations could continue. It
is possible that in future periods our results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. If this occurs, the market price of our securities may decline. 
 Our quarterly operating results are volatile and may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 Our future revenues and operating results have varied in the past and may continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to
a number of factors, many of which are outside our control, and any of which could harm our business. As a result, we believe that quarterly comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily
meaningful and that you should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of our future performance. In addition to the other risk factors described in this report, additional factors
that have caused and/or could cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate and in turn affect the market price of our securities include: 
 Our operating results may fluctuate depending on the season, and such fluctuations may affect the market price of our securities. 
 We have experienced and expect to continue to experience fluctuations in our operating results because of seasonal fluctuations in
traditional retail patterns. Sales in the retail and wholesale industry tend to be significantly higher in the fourth calendar quarter of each year than in the preceding three quarters due primarily
to increased shopping activity during the holiday season. However, there can be no assurance that our sales in the fourth quarter will exceed those of the preceding quarters or, if the 
 fourth
quarter sales do exceed those of the preceding quarters, that we will be able to manage the increased sales effectively. Further, we generally increase our inventories substantially in
anticipation of holiday season shopping activity, which has a negative effect on our cash flow. Securities analysts and investors may inaccurately estimate the effects of seasonality on our results of
operations in one or
more future quarters and, consequently, our operating results may fall below expectations, causing the market price of our securities to decline. 
 Sales by our significant stockholders could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. 
 Several of our stockholders own significant portions of our common stock. If one or more of stockholders were to sell all or a portion
of their holdings of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted. The effect of such sales, or of significant portions of our stock being offered or made
available for sale, could result in strong downward pressure on our stock price. Investors should be aware that they could experience significant short-term volatility in our stock if such
stockholders decide to sell all or a portion of their holdings of our common stock at once or within a short period of time. In addition, the transfer of ownership of 50% or more of our outstanding
shares within a three year period could adversely affect our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable net income. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and you may lose the entire amount of your investment in our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the
foreseeable future. We intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, you will not receive any funds without selling your shares. We cannot assure that you will receive a
positive return on your investment when you sell your shares or that you will not lose the entire amount of your investment. 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law contain anti-takeover provisions
which could discourage or prevent a takeover, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 Several provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws could discourage potential
acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of our company even if that change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, only one-third of
our board of directors is elected at each of our annual meetings of stockholders, which will make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to change the management of our company, even after
acquiring a majority of the shares of our common stock. These provisions, which cannot be amended without the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders, could diminish the opportunities
for a stockholder to participate in tender offers, including tender offers at a price above the then current market value of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors, without further
stockholder approval, may issue
preferred stock, with such terms as the board of directors may determine, that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. The issuance of preferred stock could
also adversely affect the voting powers of the holders of common stock, including the loss of voting control to others. We are also afforded the protections of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which could delay or prevent a change in control of our company or could impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving our company or
discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 The price of our stock may be vulnerable to manipulation. 
 We filed an unfair business practice lawsuit against Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Goldman
Sachs & Co., Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Bank of America Securities LLC, Bank of New York, Citigroup Inc., Credit Suisse (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank
Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., and UBS Financial Services, Inc., and settled the case with respect to all defendants except Goldman Sachs
Group, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing L.P.; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., and Merrill Lynch Professional
Clearing Corporation. In January, the trial court granted the remaining defendants' motion for summary judgment. We have appealed the ruling. 
 We
believe these remaining defendants engaged in unlawful actions and have caused substantial harm to Overstock, and that certain of the defendants have made efforts to drive the market
price of Overstock's common stock down. To the extent that the defendants or other persons engage in any such actions or take any other actions to interfere with or destroy or harm Overstock's
existing and/or prospective business relationships with its suppliers, bankers, customers, lenders, investors, prospective investors or others, our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operation could be harmed, and the price of our common stock may be more volatile than it might otherwise be and/or may trade at prices below those that might prevail in the absence of any such
efforts. The practice of "abusive naked short selling" continues to place our stock at risk for manipulative attacks by large investment pools and prime brokers. 
 Abusive
naked short selling is the practice by which short sellers place large short sell orders for shares without first borrowing the shares to be sold, or without having first
adequately located such shares and arranged for a firm contract to borrow such shares prior to the delivery date set to close the sale. While selling broker dealers are by rule required to deliver
shares to close a transaction by a certain date, and while purchasing broker-dealers are obligated by rule to purchase the sold quantity of shares when they are not delivered to close the sale, these
rules are often ignored. Abusive naked short selling has a depressive effect on share prices when it is allowed to persist because the economic effect of abusive naked short selling is the oversupply
of counterfeit stock to the market. We believe the
regulations designed to address this abusive practice are both inadequately structured and inadequately enforced. Consequently, we believe that without the enactment of adequate regulations and the
enforcement necessary to curb these abuses, the manipulations achieved through abusive naked short selling are likely to continue. We believe that our stock has been subject to these abusive practices
by those attempting to manipulate its price downward. To the extent that our stock is subject to these practices in the future, our stock may be more volatile than it might otherwise be and/or may
trade at prices below those that might prevail in the absence of such abuses. 
 In the past, our stock has consistently been on the Regulation SHO threshold list. 
 Regulation SHO requires the stock exchanges to publish daily a list of companies whose stock has
failures-to-deliver above a certain threshold. It also requires mandatory close-outs for open fail-to-deliver positions in threshold
securities persisting for over 13 days, with the aim that no security would appear on the threshold for any extended period. Despite that aim, our common stock has frequently appeared on the
Regulation SHO threshold list for extended and continuous periods and, while we do not currently appear on the Regulation SHO threshold list, in the past our stock has been on the list for more
trading days than any other company. 
 Any
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described above, and all other information in this
Form 10-K and in any reports we file with the SEC after we file this Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase or hold our securities. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business. The occurrence of any of the risks described in this
Form 10-K could harm our business. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties, and investors may lose part or all of their
investment. 
 ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS