ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS \n We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. \n Risks Related to Our Business and Industry \n Defects or disruptions in our service could diminish demand for our service, harm our financial results and subject us to substantial liability. \n Our customers use our service to manage important aspects of their businesses, and any errors, defects, disruptions to our service or other performance problems with our service could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers' businesses. From time to time, we have found defects in our service, and new errors in our existing service may be detected in the future. For example, recently a few of our largest customers experienced reduced levels of availability, performance and functionality due to the scale at which they had implemented our service. We cannot be sure that we will not experience similar or other issues at even larger scales in the future.  We provide regular product updates, which frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. Defects may also be introduced by our use of third-party software, including open-source software. Defects can be hard to detect and may result in disruptions to our service. In addition, our customers may use our service in ways that cause disruptions in service for other customers. In some of these instances, customers have delayed, and may in the future delay payment to us, may elect not to renew, and may make service credit claims, warranty claims or other claims against us. Such instances may also adversely impact our future sales. Further, if we do not meet the stated service level commitments we have guaranteed to our customers or suffer extended periods of unavailability for our service, we have provided and in the future may be contractually obligated to provide these customers with credits for future service. The occurrence of payment delays, service credit, warranty or other claims against us could result in an increase in our bad debt expense, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable, an increase to our warranty provisions or service level credit accruals or other increased expenses or risks of litigation. We do not carry insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that may result from claims arising from defects or disruptions in our service or the potential harm to the future growth of our business due to defects or disruptions. \n We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. If we are not able to manage this growth and expansion, or if our business does not grow as we expect, our operating results may suffer. \n We continue to experience rapid growth in our customer base and have significantly expanded our operations during the last several years. In particular, we are aggressively investing in: significant expansion of our cloud infrastructure and associated service capacity; our global sales, marketing and operations activities and personnel; and additional office facility lease commitments and administrative employees. Our employee headcount has increased to 1,077 as of December 31, 2012 from 603 as of December 31, 2011 . We signed new leases for a larger corporate office in San Diego in February 2012, additional office space in Amsterdam in September 2012, in San Jose in November 2012 and in London in December 2012. In addition, we hired new senior management in 2011 and 2012. Our rapid growth has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure facilities and other resources. Our ability to manage our operations and growth will require us to continue to expand our sales force, facilities, infrastructure and operations, and refine our operational, financial and management controls, human resource policies, and reporting systems and procedures. For instance, in 2012 we implemented a new financial enterprise resource planning system to help manage our future growth and are in the process of integrating that system with our customer relationship management system. If we fail to efficiently expand our sales force, operations, cloud infrastructure or IT and financial systems, or if we fail to implement or maintain effective internal controls and procedures, our costs and expenses may increase more than we plan and we may lose the ability to close customer opportunities, enhance our existing service, develop new applications, satisfy customer requirements, respond to competitive pressures or otherwise execute our business plan. Additionally, as our operating expenses increase in anticipation of the growth of our business, if such growth does not meet our expectations, our financial results likely would be harmed. \n We have a limited history of operating profits, did not generate a profit in the year ended December 31, 2012 , and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. \n We have not been consistently profitable on a quarterly or annual basis and experienced a net loss of $37.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 . As of December 31, 2012 , our accumulated deficit was $105.5 million . While we have experienced significant revenue growth over recent periods, this growth rate is likely to decrease and we may not return to profitability. Over the past year, we have significantly increased our expenditures to support the development and expansion of our business, which has resulted in increased losses. We plan to continue to invest for future growth, and as a result, we do not expect to be profitable \n for the foreseeable future. In addition, as a public company, we will continue to incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a result of these increased expenditures, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenues to achieve future profitability. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation the other risks and uncertainties described in this filing. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If these losses exceed our expectations or our revenue growth expectations are not met in future periods, our financial performance will be harmed. \n We face security risks, including but not limited to theft of personal data, theft of proprietary information, denial of service attacks and other hacking attacks.  If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service, and we may incur significant liabilities. \n Our operations involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ confidential information, and security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liability. For example, our third-party data center facility in London was subjected to a distributed denial of service attack in January 2012 that prevented some of our customers hosted in that data center from using our service intermittently for a period of about three hours. While we have administrative, technical, and physical security measures in place, and try to contractually require third parties to whom we transfer data to implement and maintain appropriate security measures, if our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our customers’ data, including personally identifiable information regarding users, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers’ data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until successfully launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose potential sales and existing customers. \n We need to continue to invest in enhancements to our cloud infrastructure and if our required investments are greater than anticipated or fail to yield anticipated cost savings and performance benefits, our financial results will be negatively impacted. \n We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in new equipment to support growth at our data centers, provide enhanced levels of service to our customers and reduce future costs of subscription revenues. In the year ended December 31, 2012 , we purchased $20.8 million in equipment for use in our data centers. Ongoing improvements to our cloud infrastructure may be more expensive than we anticipate, and may not yield the expected savings in operating costs or the expected performance benefits. In addition, we may be required to re-invest any cost savings achieved from prior cloud infrastructure improvements in future infrastructure projects to maintain the levels of service required by our customers. We may not be able to maintain or achieve cost savings from our investments, which could harm our financial results. \n We may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology to meet our customers’ performance and other requirements. \n Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to continue to meet the needs of new customers and the expanding needs of our existing customers as their use of our service grows. As our customers gain more experience with our service, the number of users and transactions managed by our service, the amount of data transferred, processed and stored by us, the number of locations where our service is being accessed, and the number of processes and systems managed by our service on behalf of these customers have in some cases, and may in the future, expand rapidly. Recently, a few of our largest customers have experienced reduced levels of availability, performance and functionality due to the scale at which they have implemented our service. In order to meet the performance and other requirements of our customers, we intend to continue to make significant investments to develop and implement new technologies in our service and cloud infrastructure operations. These technologies, which include databases, applications and server optimizations, network and hosting strategies, and automation, are often advanced, complex, new and untested. We may not be successful in developing or implementing these technologies. In addition, it takes a significant amount of time to plan, develop and test improvements to our technologies and infrastructure, and we may not be able to accurately forecast demand or predict the results we will realize from such improvements. We are also dependent upon open source and other third-party technologies and may be unable to quickly effect changes to such technologies, which may prevent us from rapidly responding to evolving customer requirements. To the extent that we do not effectively scale our service and operations to meet the needs of our growing customer base and to maintain performance as our customers expand their use of our service, we may not be able to \n grow as quickly as we anticipate, our customers may reduce or cancel use of our services and we may be unable to compete as effectively and our business and operating results may be harmed. \n Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center facilities could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. \n We currently serve our customers from third-party data center facilities, operated by several different providers, located around the world, with the largest located in Virginia, California, London and Amsterdam. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems, or those of our third-party data centers, could result in interruptions in our service. Impairment of or interruptions in our service may reduce our revenues, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, subject us to claims and litigation, cause our customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. \n We do not control, or in some cases have limited control over, the operation of the data center facilities we use, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct, and to adverse events caused by operator error. We cannot rapidly switch to new data centers or move customers from one data center to another in the event of any adverse event. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism or other act of malfeasance, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our service and the loss of customer data. \n If the market for our technology delivery model and SaaS develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow or stall, and our operating results would be harmed. \n Use of SaaS applications to manage and automate enterprise IT is at an early stage. We do not know whether the trend of adoption of enterprise SaaS solutions we have experienced in the past will continue in the future. In particular, many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate legacy software into their businesses over time, and some have been reluctant or unwilling to migrate to SaaS. Furthermore, some organizations, particularly large enterprises upon which we are dependent, have been reluctant or unwilling to use SaaS because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with the security of their data and the reliability of the technology delivery model associated with these solutions. In addition, if other SaaS providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery or other problems, the market for SaaS solutions as a whole, including our service, will be negatively impacted. If the adoption of SaaS solutions does not continue, the market for these solutions may stop developing or may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm our operating results. \n The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. \n The market for enterprise IT operations management solutions is fragmented, rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry in some segments. Many of our competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater name recognition, much longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets and significantly greater resources than we do. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. With the introduction of new technologies, the evolution of our service and new market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. If we fail to compete effectively, our business will be harmed. Some of our principal competitors offer their products or services at a lower price, which has resulted in pricing pressures. If we are unable to achieve our target pricing levels, our operating results would be negatively impacted. In addition, pricing pressures and increased competition generally could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses or the failure of our service to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business. \n We face competition from in-house solutions, large integrated systems vendors and smaller companies with point solutions including SaaS offerings. Our competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the products and services offered. Our primary competitors include BMC Software, Inc., CA, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company and International Business Machines Corporation, all of which are much larger and have substantially more financial resources than we do, and have the operating flexibility to bundle competing products and services with other software offerings, including offering them at a lower price as part of a larger sale. In addition, many of our competitors offer SaaS solutions and may make acquisitions of businesses or assets that improve their service offerings. Further, other established SaaS providers not currently operating in enterprise IT operations management may expand their services to compete with our service. Many of our current and potential competitors have established marketing relationships, access to larger customer bases, pre-existing customer relationships and major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators and resellers. In addition, some competitors may offer software that addresses one or a limited \n number of enterprise IT operation functions at lower prices or with greater depth than our service. Moreover, as we expand the scope of our service, we may face additional competition from platform and application development vendors. Additionally, some potential customers, particularly large enterprises, may elect to develop their own internal solutions. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. \n Because our sales efforts are targeted at large enterprise customers, we face longer sales cycles, substantial upfront sales costs and less predictability in completing some of our sales. If our sales cycle lengthens, or if our substantial upfront sales investments do not result in sufficient sales, our operating results could be harmed. \n We target our sales efforts at large enterprises, which we define as companies with over $750 million in revenues and a minimum of 200 IT employees. For instance, we derived approximately 11% of our revenues from large enterprise customers in the financial services industry for the year ended December 31, 2012 . Because our large enterprise customers are often making an enterprise-wide decision to deploy our service, sometimes on a global basis, we face long sales cycles, complex customer requirements, substantial upfront sales costs and less predictability in completing some of our sales. Our sales cycle is generally six to nine months, but is variable and difficult to predict and can be much longer. Large enterprises often undertake a prolonged evaluation of our service, including whether the customer needs professional services performed by us or a third party for its unique IT and business process needs, and a comparison of our service to products offered by our competitors. Moreover, our large enterprise customers often begin to deploy our service on a limited basis, but nevertheless demand extensive configuration, integration services and pricing concessions, which increase our upfront investment in the sales effort with no guarantee that these customers will deploy our service widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial upfront investment. It is possible in the future we may experience even longer sales cycles, more complex customer needs, higher upfront sales costs and less predictability in completing some of our sales as we continue to expand our direct sales force and thereby increase the percentage of our sales personnel with less experience in selling our service, expand into new territories and expand into functional areas outside of the traditional ITIL processes. If our sales cycle lengthens or our substantial upfront sales and implementation investments do not result in sufficient sales to justify our investments, our operating results may be harmed. \n Our business depends substantially on our customers renewing their subscriptions and purchasing additional subscriptions from us. Any decline in our customer renewals would harm our future operating results. \n In order for us to maintain or improve our operating results, it is important that our customers renew their subscriptions when the initial contract term expires and add additional authorized users to their subscriptions. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions, and we cannot assure you that our customers will renew subscriptions with a similar contract period or with the same or a greater number of authorized users. Although our renewal rates have been historically high, some of our customers have elected not to renew their agreements with us and we cannot accurately predict renewal rates. Moreover, in some cases, some of our customers have the right to cancel their agreements prior to the expiration of the term. \n Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers' satisfaction with our subscription service, professional services, customer support, or prices, the prices of competing solutions, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, the effects of global economic conditions, or reductions in our customers’ spending levels. Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell more subscriptions and additional professional services to our current customers. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms or fail to add more authorized users or fail to purchase additional professional services, our revenues may decline, and we may not realize improved operating results from our customer base. \n If we are not able to develop enhancements and new applications that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with technological developments, our business could be harmed. \n Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenues from existing customers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing service and to introduce new services. In order to grow our business, we must develop a service that reflects future updates to the ITIL framework and extends beyond the ITIL framework into other areas of enterprise IT operations management.  We are also dependent on achieving growth in demand for our platform. The success of any enhancement or new service depends on several factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing, introduction and market acceptance. Any new service that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain defects or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenues. If we are unable to successfully develop new applications or enhance our existing service to meet the evolving requirements of our customers, our business and operating results will be harmed. \n Because we designed our service to be provided over the Internet, we need to continuously modify and enhance our service to keep pace with changes in Internet-related hardware, software, communication, database and security technologies and standards. \n If we are unable to respond in a timely and cost-effective manner to these rapid technological developments and standards changes, our service may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete and our operating results may be harmed. \n If we fail to integrate our service with a variety of operating systems, software applications and hardware that are developed by others, our service may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results would be harmed. \n Our service must integrate with a variety of network, hardware and software platforms, and we need to continuously modify and enhance our platform to adapt to changes in cloud-enabled hardware, software, networking, browser, security and database technologies. Any failure of our service to operate effectively with future infrastructure platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our service, resulting in customer dissatisfaction and harm to our business. If we are unable to respond to these changes in a cost-effective manner, our service may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete and our operating results may be negatively impacted. In addition, an increasing number of individuals within the enterprise are utilizing mobile devices to access the Internet and corporate resources and to conduct business. If we cannot effectively make our service available on these mobile devices and offer the information, services and functionality required by enterprises that widely use mobile devices, we may experience difficulty attracting and retaining customers. \n A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to government entities and heavily regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. \n A portion of our sales are to governmental agencies. Additionally, many of our current and prospective customers, such as those in the financial services and health care industries, are highly regulated and may be required to comply with more stringent regulations in connection with subscribing to and implementing our service. Selling to these entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will successfully complete a sale.  Furthermore, engaging in sales activities to foreign governments introduces incremental compliance risks specific to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and other similar statutory requirements prohibiting bribery and corruption in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Government and highly regulated entities often require contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements and impose compliance requirements that are complicated, require preferential pricing or “most favored nation” terms and conditions, or are otherwise time consuming and expensive to satisfy. Due to the additional requirements of the U.S. federal government, we are in the process of establishing compliance with the Federal Information Security Management Act and other federal standards relating to our operations, security controls, processes and architecture. Individual agencies also have unique requirements, such as requirements that we use U.S.-only personnel or a requirement to use our service in a non-hosted environment. We may not be able to meet these standards or requirements. Even if we do meet them, the additional costs associated with providing our service to government and highly regulated customers could harm our margins. Moreover, changes in the underlying regulatory conditions that affect these types of customers could harm our ability to efficiently provide our service to them and to grow or maintain our customer base. \n Failure to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our service. \n Increasing our customer base and achieving broader market acceptance of our service will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to effectively expand our sales and marketing operations and activities. We are substantially dependent on our direct sales force to obtain new customers. From December 31, 2011 to December 31, 2012 , our sales and marketing organization increased from 242 to 350 employees. We plan to continue to expand our direct sales force both domestically and internationally. We believe there is significant competition for direct sales personnel with the sales skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth in the future will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of direct sales personnel. New hires require significant training and time before they achieve full productivity, particularly in new sales territories. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as quickly as we would like, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the future in the markets where we do business. Because we do not have a long history of expansion in our sales force, we cannot predict whether or to what extent our sales will increase as we expand our sales force or how long it will take for sales personnel to become productive. Moreover, we do not have significant experience as an organization developing and implementing overseas marketing campaigns, and such campaigns may be expensive and difficult to implement. Our business will be harmed if our expansion efforts do not generate a significant increase in revenues. \n Our current management team is new and if we lose key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed. \n Each of our executive officers either joined us recently or has taken on a new role in the organization. These changes in our executive management team may be disruptive to our business. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of this new group of executive officers, particularly Frank Slootman, our Chief Executive Officer, who joined us in May 2011, and \n Frederic B. Luddy, our founder and Chief Product Officer, who are critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture, services and technology. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives. Our executive officers are generally employed on an at-will basis, which means that our executive officers could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or the failure by our executive team to effectively work with our employees and lead our company could harm our business. \n In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and Internet-related solutions, as well as competition for sales executives and operations personnel. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In particular, competition for experienced software and cloud infrastructure engineers in San Diego, San Jose, Seattle, London and Amsterdam, our primary operating locations, is intense. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. \n Our quarterly results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors or our previously issued guidance, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially. \n Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our quarterly financial results fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our stock, or fail to meet or exceed any forward guidance we issue, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: \n • our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers’ requirements; \n • the number of new employees added; \n • the rate of expansion and productivity of our sales force; \n • changes in the relative and absolute levels of professional services we provide; \n • the cost, timing and management effort for the development of new services; \n • the length of the sales cycle for our service; \n • changes in our pricing policies whether initiated by us or as a result of competition; \n • the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business; \n • significant security breaches, technical difficulties or interruptions of our service; \n • new solutions, products or changes in pricing policies introduced by our competitors; \n • changes in foreign currency exchange rates; \n • changes in effective tax rates; \n • general economic conditions that may adversely affect either our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase additional subscriptions, delay a prospective customer’s purchasing decision, reduce the value of new subscription contracts, or affect renewal rates; \n • changes in deferred revenue balances due to the seasonal nature of our customer invoicing, changes in the average duration of our customer agreements, the rate of renewals and the rate of new business growth; \n • the timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers; \n • extraordinary expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments; \n • the impact of new accounting pronouncements; and \n • the timing of stock awards to employees and the related adverse financial statement impact of having to expense those stock awards ratably over their vesting schedules. \n Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our operating results to vary widely. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. \n We expect our revenue growth rate to decline, and as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to generate or sustain profitability or positive cash flow from operations, net of our investments, over the long term. \n From fiscal 2009 to the year ended December 31, 2012 , our revenues grew from $19.3 million to $243.7 million . We expect that, in the future, as our revenues increase to higher levels, our revenue growth rate will decline. However, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to achieve and sustain profitability as we also expect our costs to increase in future periods. We expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: \n • our technology infrastructure, including enhancements to our cloud architecture and hiring of additional employees for our research and development team; \n • software development, including investments in our software development team, the development of new features and the improvement of the scalability, availability and security of our service; \n • sales and marketing, including a significant expansion of our direct sales organization; \n • international expansion in an effort to increase our customer base and sales; and \n • general administration, including legal and accounting expenses related to being a public company. \n These investments may not result in increased revenues or growth in our business. We may be unable to generate positive cash flow from operations, net of investments.  If we fail to continue to grow our revenues and overall business, our operating results and business would be harmed. \n Because we recognize revenues from our subscription service over the subscription term, downturns or upturns in new sales and renewals will not be immediately reflected in our operating results. \n We generally recognize revenues from customers ratably over the terms of their subscriptions, which on average are approximately 32 months in duration for initial contract terms, although terms can range from 12 to 120 months. As a result, most of the revenues we report in each quarter are derived from the recognition of deferred revenues relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter will likely have only a small, and perhaps no apparent, impact on our revenue results for that quarter. Such a decline, however, will negatively affect our revenues in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our service, and potential changes in our rate of renewals may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional sales in any period, as revenues from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect the changes in revenues. \n If we are unable to successfully manage the growth of our professional services business and improve our profit margin from these services, our operating results will be harmed. \n Our professional services business, which performs implementation and configuration of our subscription service and training for our customers, has grown as our revenues from subscriptions have grown. We believe our investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our subscription service. As a result, our sales efforts have been focused primarily on our subscription service, rather than the profitability of our professional services business. Historically, our pricing for professional services was predominantly on a fixed-fee basis and the cost of the time and materials incurred to complete these services was greater than the amount charged to the customer. These factors contributed to our negative gross profit percentages from professional services and other of (4)% for the year ended December 31, 2012 , (51)% and (43)% for the six months ended December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 and (21)% and (202)% for fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2010 . The improvement in gross profit percentages was due in part to the adoption of new revenue recognition accounting guidance commencing on July 1, 2010. In addition, in December 2011, we began shifting our pricing model to a time-and-materials basis and pricing our services predominantly based on the anticipated cost of those services. If we are unable to manage the growth of our professional services business and sustain our projected utilization rate for our professional services personnel, our operating results, including our profit margins, will be harmed. \n We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. \n There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our success depends in part on not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others, however, we may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology or services.  From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. In the future, we may receive claims that our applications and underlying technology infringe or violate the claimant’s intellectual property rights.  Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could \n require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our service, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or business partners in connection with any such litigation and to obtain licenses, modify our service or refund fees, which could further exhaust our resources. In addition, we may pay substantial settlement costs to resolve claims or litigation, whether or not legitimately or successfully asserted against us, which could include royalty or settlement payments in connection with any such litigation or to obtain licenses, modify our service or refund fees, which could further exhaust our resources. Even if we were to prevail in the event of claims or litigation against us, any claim or litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Such disputes could also disrupt our service, causing an adverse impact to our customer satisfaction and related renewal rates. \n Our use of “open source” software could harm our ability to sell our service and subject us to possible litigation. \n A significant portion of the technologies licensed or developed by us incorporate so-called “open source” software, and we may incorporate open source software into other services in the future. We attempt to monitor our use of open source software in an effort to avoid subjecting our service to conditions we do not intend; however, there can be no assurance that our efforts have been or will be successful. There is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of the terms of open source licenses, and therefore the potential impact of these terms on our business is uncertain and enforcement of these terms may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our service and technologies. For example, depending on which open source license governs open source software included within our service or technologies, we may be subjected to conditions requiring us to offer our service to users at no cost; make available the source code for modifications and derivative works based upon, incorporating or using the open source software; and license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. \n If an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal costs defending ourselves against such allegations, we could be subject to significant damages or be enjoined from the distribution of our service. In addition, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, under some open source licenses we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, which could substantially help our competitors develop solutions that are similar to or better than our service. \n Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our differentiation or hurt our brand. \n Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on a combination of copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to protect our proprietary rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology and our business may be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any of our trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. We have only recently begun to develop a strategy to seek, and may be unable to obtain, patent protection for our technology. In addition, any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our service is available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. \n We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. \n Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties and their continued performance. \n We anticipate that we will continue to depend on various third parties, such as sales partners, implementation partners, systems integrators and managed services providers, in order to grow our business. Identifying and qualifying these and other partners, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, require significant time and resources. Our agreements with partners are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors or from offering competing solutions. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third parties, including our partners, to favor their solutions or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our service either by disrupting our relationship with existing customers or by limiting our ability to win new customers. In addition, global economic conditions could harm the businesses of our partners, and it is possible that they may not be able to devote the additional resources we expect to the relationship. If we are unsuccessful in \n establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results would suffer. Even if we are successful, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in greater customer usage of our service or increased revenues. \n If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or a third party, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer’s dissatisfaction with our professional services could damage our reputation or ability to obtain additional revenues from that customer or prospective customers. \n Sales to customers outside North America expose us to risks inherent in international sales. \n Because we sell our service throughout the world, we are subject to risks and challenges that we would otherwise not face if we conducted our business only in North America. Sales outside of North America represented 29% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012 , and we intend to continue to expand our international sales efforts. Our business and future prospects depend on increasing our international sales as a percentage of our total revenues, and the failure to grow internationally will harm our business. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside North America are different in some ways from those associated with sales in North America and we have a limited history addressing those risks and meeting those challenges. The risks and challenges inherent with international sales include: \n • localization of our service, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; \n • differing laws and business practices, which may favor local competitors; \n • longer sales cycles; \n • compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection laws and regulations; \n • treatment of revenues from international sources and changes to tax codes, including being subject to foreign tax laws and being liable for paying withholding, income or other taxes in foreign jurisdictions; \n • regional data privacy laws that apply to the transmission of our customers’ data across international borders; \n • foreign currency fluctuations and controls; \n • different pricing environments; \n • differing cultural environments; \n • difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; \n • different or lesser protection of our intellectual property; \n • longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties; \n • regional economic conditions; and \n • regional political conditions. \n Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. \n We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. \n We conduct significant transactions, including intercompany transactions, in currencies other than the United States dollar or the functional operating currency of the transactional entities. In addition, our international subsidiaries maintain significant net assets that are denominated in currencies other than the functional operating currencies of these entities. Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the United States dollar can affect our revenues and operating results due to transactional and translational remeasurement that is reflected in our earnings. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments.  It is particularly difficult to forecast any impact from exchange rate movements, so there is a material risk that unanticipated currency fluctuations could adversely affect our results or cause our results to differ from investor expectations or our own guidance in any future periods. \n Weakened global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations. \n Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions, which may remain challenging for the foreseeable future. Global financial developments seemingly unrelated to us or the IT industry may harm us. The United States and other key international economies have been impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase our service, delay prospective customers’ purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscriptions, or affect renewal rates, all of which could harm our operating results. \n Changes in laws, regulations and standards related to the Internet may cause our business to suffer. \n Federal, state or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws and regulations affecting data privacy and the use of the Internet as a commercial medium. Industry organizations also regularly adopt and advocate for new standards in this area. For instance, we believe increased regulation is likely in the area of data privacy, and changing laws, regulations and standards applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers’ ability to use and share data, potentially restricting our ability to store, process and share data with our customers. In addition, government agencies or private organizations may begin to impose taxes, fees or other charges for accessing the Internet, commerce conducted via the Internet or validation that particular processes follow the latest standards. These changes could limit the viability of Internet-based services such as ours. If we are not able to adjust to changing laws, regulations and standards related to the Internet, our business may be harmed. \n Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate could harm our future results. \n We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of earnings and losses in differing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses as a result of acquisitions, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in federal, state or international tax laws and accounting principles. Increases in our effective tax rate would reduce our profitability or in some cases increase our losses. \n In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by many tax jurisdictions throughout the world, many of which have not established clear guidance on the tax treatment of SaaS-based companies. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period, and potentially result in increased effective tax rates over the long term. \n Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business. \n Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our service to our customers, and could decrease demand for our service. The majority of our research and development activities, corporate offices, information technology systems, and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults in California. Customer data could be lost, significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be harmed in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event. \n We are an “emerging growth company,” and any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. \n We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted in April 2012, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although, if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of June 30 of any year starting with June 30, 2013, we could cease to be an “emerging growth company” as of the following December 31. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any \n choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.  We expect that we will cease to be an “emerging growth company” as of December 31, 2013. \n Under Section 107(b) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. \n We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management has to devote substantial time to public company communications and compliance obligations. \n As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other legislation and rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the New York Stock Exchange impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance requirements. These burdens may increase as new legislation is passed and implemented, including any new requirements that the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 may impose on public companies. Moreover, these rules and regulations, along with compliance with accounting principles and regulatory interpretations of such principles, have increased and will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and have made and will continue to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. \n These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or our board committees, or as executive officers. \n If we do not remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. \n Prior to our initial public offering in June 2012, we were a private company and historically had limited accounting personnel and other supervisory resources with which to adequately execute our accounting processes and effectively address our internal control over financial reporting. This lack of adequate accounting resources contributed to audit adjustments to our financial statements in the past. \n In connection with our preparation of the financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2011 and the six months ended December 31, 2011, our independent registered public accounting firm identified control deficiencies in our internal control that constituted material weaknesses. A material weakness is defined under the standards issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses our independent registered public accounting firm identified related to the design and operation of policies and procedures for accounting and reporting control processes, performance of account review and analysis, the development and review of complex judgments and estimates, the preparation of the provision for income taxes and the identification, communication and accounting of significant contracts and agreements. These material weaknesses, which contributed to multiple audit adjustments, primarily resulted from our failure to maintain a sufficient number of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. \n During the six months ended December 31, 2011, we hired a new Chief Financial Officer, a new Vice President of Finance and several new finance and accounting managers which significantly increases our finance and accounting team’s experience in GAAP and financial reporting for publicly traded companies. In September 2011, we engaged a third-party tax firm and in February 2012, we hired a Senior Manager of Internal Audit. In March 2012, we hired a Vice President of Tax to assist with the accounting for income taxes and review of complex tax accounting matters. In January 2013, we appointed a Vice-President, Internal Audit and increased the staff of internal audit. In addition, we expect to retain consultants to advise us on making further improvements to our internal controls related to these accounting areas. We believe that these additional resources enable us to broaden the scope and quality of our internal review of underlying information related to financial reporting and to further enhance our financial review procedures, including both the accounting processes for income taxes and significant contracts and agreements. \n We have taken steps to address the material weaknesses as disclosed in the preceding paragraphs and as a result, we believe that these material weaknesses have been remediated. However, we have not completed the necessary documentation and testing \n procedures under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and cannot assure you that we will be able to implement and maintain an effective internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain such controls could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. \n The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. In particular, beginning with the year ending on December 31, 2013, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, that must be performed may reveal other material weaknesses or that the material weaknesses described above have not been fully remediated. If we do not remediate the material weaknesses described above, or if other material weaknesses are identified or we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially misstated or could subsequently require restatement, we could receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal controls over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities. The remediation of this situation could require additional financial and management resources, further divert management's time and attention from the core business, hurt our reputation with investors, and the market price of our stock could decline. \n We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management’s attention, and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions or investments. \n We may evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets in the future. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our service offerings or our ability to provide services in international locations, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distribution, discount pricing or investments in other companies. An acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us, their software is not easily adapted to work with ours, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management or otherwise. Acquisitions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment or business relationship may not be realized or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities. \n Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions may often be subject to conditions or approvals that are beyond our control. Consequently, these transactions, even if undertaken and announced, may not close. For one or more of those transactions, we may: \n • issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders; \n • use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; \n • incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay; \n • incur large charges or substantial liabilities; \n • encounter difficulties retaining key employees of the acquired company or integrating diverse software codes or business cultures; and \n • become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation or deferred compensation charges. \n Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock \n The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation. \n The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Since shares of our common stock were sold in our initial public offering in June 2012 at a price of $18.00 per share, our stock price has ranged from $22.62 to $41.77 through \n February 28, 2013. In addition, the trading prices of the securities of technology companies in general have been highly volatile, and the volatility in market price and trading volume of securities is often unrelated or disproportionate to the financial performance of the companies issuing the securities. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include: \n • variations in our operating results, earnings per share, cash flows from operating activities, deferred revenue, and other financial metrics and non-financial metrics, and how those results compare to analyst expectations; \n • forward-looking statements related to future revenues and earnings per share; \n • the net increases in the number of customers, either independently or as compared with published expectations of industry, financial or other analysts that cover our company; \n • changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; \n • announcements of technological innovations, new solutions or enhancements to services, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; \n • announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors; \n • announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases; \n • recruitment or departure of key personnel; \n • disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software or network problems, security breaches, or other man-made or natural disasters; \n • the economy as a whole, market conditions in our industry, and the industries of our customers; \n • trading activity by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock; \n • the size of our market float; and \n • any other factors discussed herein. \n In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we are the subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. \n We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock. \n We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock may be prohibited or limited by the terms of any future debt financing arrangement. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price. \n Our directors, officers and principal stockholders beneficially own a significant percentage of our stock and are able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. \n As of February 28, 2013, our directors, officers and their respective affiliates beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately 42% of our outstanding voting stock, including approximately 18% controlled by persons affiliated with Sequoia Capital and approximately 14% controlled by persons affiliated with JMI Equity. Together, these stockholders have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or the approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. \n Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. \n Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and may make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, certain holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Any sales of securities by existing stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. \n Provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock. \n Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things: \n • establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; \n • permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors; \n • provide that directors may only be removed “for cause” and only with the approval of 66 2/3% of our stockholders; \n • require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws; \n • authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; \n • eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; \n • prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; \n • provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our restated bylaws; and \n • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. \n In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our common stock.