An investment in our Company involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks below, together with the other information contained in this report, before you make an investment
decision with respect to our Company. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our Company. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we consider immaterial, may also impair our business operations. Any of the following risks
could materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, and could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock and the value of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 If economic conditions do not improve,
demand for the products we sell may decline. 
 Sales of our products involve discretionary spending by
consumers. Consumers are typically more likely to make discretionary purchases, including purchasing video game products, when there are favorable economic conditions. In recent years, poor worldwide economic conditions have led consumers to delay
or reduce discretionary spending, including purchases of the products we sell. If conditions do not improve, these delays or reductions may continue, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The electronic game industry is cyclical, which could cause significant fluctuation in
our earnings. 
 The electronic game industry has been cyclical in nature in response to the introduction
and maturation of new technology. Following the introduction of new video game platforms, sales of these platforms and related software and accessories generally increase due to initial demand, while sales of older platforms and related products
generally decrease as customers migrate toward the new platforms. New video game platforms have historically been introduced approximately every five years. The current generation of video game consoles were introduced in 2005 and 2006. If video
game platform manufacturers fail to develop new hardware platforms, our sales of video game products could decline. 
 We depend upon the timely delivery of products. 
 We depend on major hardware manufacturers, primarily
Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo, to deliver new and existing video game platforms and new innovations on a timely basis and in anticipated quantities. In addition, we depend on software publishers to introduce new and updated software titles. Any
material delay in the introduction or delivery, or limited allocations, of hardware platforms or software titles could result in reduced sales in one or more fiscal quarters. 
 We depend upon third parties to develop products and software. 
 Our business depends upon the continued development of new and enhanced video game platforms and accessories, PC hardware and video game and PC entertainment software. Our business could suffer due to the
failure of manufacturers to develop new or enhanced video game platforms, a decline in the continued technological development and use of multimedia PCs, or the failure of software publishers to develop popular game and entertainment titles for
current or future generation video game systems or PC hardware. 
 Our ability to obtain favorable terms from our
suppliers may impact our financial results. 
 Our financial results depend significantly upon the
business terms we can obtain from our suppliers, including competitive prices, unsold product return policies, advertising and market development allowances, freight charges and payment terms. We purchase substantially all of our products directly
from manufacturers, software publishers and, in some cases, distributors. Our largest vendors worldwide are Microsoft, Nintendo, Sony, Electronic Arts and Activision, which accounted for 17%, 16%, 15%, 13% and 11%, respectively, of our new product
purchases in fiscal 2011. If our suppliers do not provide us with favorable business terms, we may not be able to offer products to our customers at competitive prices. 
 If our vendors fail to provide marketing and merchandising support at historical levels, our sales and earnings could be negatively impacted. 
 The manufacturers of video game hardware and software and PC entertainment software have typically provided retailers with
significant marketing and merchandising support for their products. As part of this support, we receive cooperative advertising and market development payments from these vendors. These cooperative advertising and market development payments enable
us to actively promote and merchandise the products we sell and drive sales at our stores and on our Web sites. We cannot assure you that vendors will continue to provide this support at historical levels. If they fail to do so, our sales and
earnings could be negatively impacted. 
 Pressure from our competitors may force us to reduce our prices or increase
spending, which could decrease our profitability. 
 The electronic game industry is intensely
competitive and subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and regional chains, including Wal-Mart and Target; computer product and consumer electronics stores, including
Best Buy; internet-based 
 retailers such as Amazon.com; other U.S. and international video game and PC software specialty stores located in malls and other locations, such as Game Group, Carrefour and Media Markt;
toy retail chains; mail-order businesses; catalogs; direct sales by software publishers; and online retailers and game rental companies. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories and may have greater financial resources than we do or
other advantages, including non-taxability of sold merchandise. In addition, video game products and content are increasingly being digitally distributed and new competitors are entering the marketplace such as OnLive and Gaikai which are built to
take advantage of these new capabilities, and other methods may emerge in the future. We also compete with other sellers of used video game products and other PC software distribution companies, including Steam. Additionally, we compete with other
forms of entertainment activities, including browser, social and mobile games, movies, television, theater, sporting events and family entertainment centers. If we lose customers to our competitors, or if we reduce our prices or increase our
spending to maintain our customers, we may be less profitable. 
 We depend upon our key personnel and they would be
difficult to replace. 
 Our success depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain key
management for our stores and skilled merchandising, marketing, financial and administrative personnel at our headquarters. We depend upon the continued services of our key executive officers: Daniel A. DeMatteo, our Executive Chairman; J. Paul
Raines, our Chief Executive Officer; Tony D. Bartel, our President; Robert A. Lloyd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Mauler, our Executive Vice President-International. The loss of services of any of our key
personnel could have a negative impact on our business. 
 International events could delay or prevent the delivery of
products to our suppliers. 
 Our suppliers rely on foreign sources, primarily in Asia, to manufacture a
portion of the products we purchase from them. As a result, any event causing a disruption of imports, including natural disasters or the imposition of import restrictions or trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, could increase the
cost and reduce the supply of products available to us, which could lower our sales and profitability. 
 Our
international operations expose us to numerous risks. 
 We have international retail operations in
Australia, Canada and Europe. Because release schedules for hardware and software introduction in these markets often differ from release schedules in the United States, the timing of increases and decreases in foreign sales may differ from the
timing of increases and decreases in domestic sales. We are also subject to a number of other factors that may affect our current or future international operations. These include: 
 economic downturns, specifically in the regions in which we operate; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 international incidents; 
 natural disasters; 
 government instability; and 
 competitors entering our current and potential markets. 
 Our operations in Europe are also subject to risks associated with the current economic conditions and uncertainties in
the European Union (“EU”). European and global economic conditions have already been negatively impacted by the ability of certain EU member states to service their sovereign debt obligations. Additionally, there continues to be
uncertainty over the possibility that other EU member states may experience similar financial troubles, the ultimate outcome of the EU governments’ financial support programs, the possible breakup or restructuring of the EU and the possible
elimination or restructuring of the EU monetary 
 system. These continued uncertainties could further disrupt European and global economic conditions. Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively impact consumer demand for our
products. These factors could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are also subject to risks that our operations outside the United States could be conducted by our employees, contractors, representatives or agents in ways that violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act or other similar anti-bribery laws. While we have policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors, representatives and agents may take actions that violate our policies. Moreover, it may be more
difficult to oversee the conduct of any such persons who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk from their actions. Any violations of those laws by any of those persons could have a negative impact on our business. 
 There may be possible changes in our global tax rate. 
 As a result of our operations in many foreign countries, our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable
tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and the tax filing positions we take in various jurisdictions, our
overall tax rate may be higher than other companies or higher than our tax rates have been in the past. We base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate at any given point in time on a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our Company
and to estimates of the amount of income to be derived in any given jurisdiction. A change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any
of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any jurisdiction in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. 
 If we are unable to renew or enter into new
leases on favorable terms, our revenue growth may decline. 
 All of our retail stores are located in
leased premises. If the cost of leasing existing stores increases, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our existing store locations as leases expire. In addition, we may not be able to enter into new leases on favorable terms or at
all, or we may not be able to locate suitable alternative sites or additional sites for new store expansion in a timely manner. Our revenues and earnings may decline if we fail to maintain existing store locations, enter into new leases, locate
alternative sites or find additional sites for new store expansion. 
 Restrictions on our ability to take trade-ins of
and sell used video game products or used mobile devices could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial results depend on our ability to take trade-ins of, and sell, used video game products and used mobile devices within our stores. Actions by manufacturers or publishers of video game
products or mobile devices or governmental authorities to limit our ability to take trade-ins or sell used video game products or mobile devices could have a negative impact on our sales and earnings. 
 If we fail to keep pace with changing industry technology, we will be at a competitive disadvantage. 
 The interactive entertainment industry is characterized by swiftly changing technology, evolving industry standards,
frequent new and enhanced product introductions and product obsolescence. Video games are now played on a wide variety of products, including mobile phones, tablets, social networking Web sites and other devices. In order to continue to compete
effectively in the video game industry, we need to respond quickly to technological changes and to understand their impact on our customers’ preferences. It may take significant time and resources to respond to these technological changes. If
we fail to keep pace with these changes, our business may suffer. 
 Technological advances in the delivery and types of video games and PC entertainment
software, as well as changes in consumer behavior related to these new technologies, could lower our sales. 
 While it is currently only possible to download a limited amount of video game content to the current generation video game systems and downloading is constrained by bandwidth capacity, this technology is
becoming more prevalent and continues to evolve rapidly. If advances in technology continue to expand our customers’ ability to access and download the current format of video games and incremental content for their games through these and
other sources, our customers may no longer choose to purchase video games in our stores or reduce their purchases in favor of other forms of game delivery. As a result, our sales and earnings could decline. While the Company is currently pursuing
various strategies to integrate these new delivery methods and competing content into the Company’s business model, including hiring employees with experience in digital gaming and making investments in and acquisitions of digital gaming,
streaming and technology-based companies, we can provide no assurances that these strategies will be successful or profitable. 
 An adverse trend in sales during the holiday selling season could impact our financial results. 
 Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with the major portion of our sales and operating profit realized
during the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling season. During fiscal 2011, we generated approximately 37% of our sales and approximately 53% of our operating earnings during the fourth quarter. Any adverse trend in sales during
the holiday selling season could lower our results of operations for the fourth quarter and the entire fiscal year. 
 Our
results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending upon several factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
 the timing and allocations of new product releases; 
 the timing of new store openings or closings; 
 shifts in the timing of certain promotions; 
 the effect of changes in tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 acquisition costs and the integration of companies we acquire or invest in; 
 the mix of earnings in the countries in which we operate; 
 the costs associated with the exit of unprofitable markets or stores; and 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 These and other factors could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and this makes the
prediction of our financial results on a quarterly basis difficult. Also, it is possible that our quarterly financial results may be below the expectations of public market analysts. 
 Failure to effectively manage our new store openings could lower our sales and profitability. 
 Our growth strategy depends in part upon opening new stores and operating them profitably. We opened 285 stores in fiscal
2011 and expect to open approximately 150 new stores in fiscal 2012. Our ability to open new stores and operate them profitably depends upon a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors include: 
 the ability to identify new store locations, negotiate suitable leases and build out the stores in a timely and cost efficient manner; 
 the ability to hire and train skilled associates; 
 the ability to integrate new stores into our existing operations; and 
 the ability to increase sales at new store locations. 
 Our growth will also depend on our ability to process increased merchandise volume resulting from new store openings
through our inventory management systems and distribution facilities in a timely manner. If we fail to manage new store openings in a timely and cost efficient manner, our growth or profits may decrease. 
 Failure to execute our strategy to close stores and transfer customers and sales to nearby stores could adversely impact our
financial results. 
 Our strategy includes closing stores which are not meeting our performance
standards or stores at the end of their lease terms and transferring sales to other nearby GameStop locations. We believe that we can ultimately increase profitability by successfully transferring customers and sales to other stores by marketing
directly to the PowerUp Rewards members who have shopped in the stores that we plan to close. If we are unsuccessful in marketing to customers of the stores that we plan to close or in transferring sales to nearby stores, our sales and profitability
could be adversely affected. 
 If our management information systems fail to perform or are inadequate, our ability to
manage our business could be disrupted. 
 We rely on computerized inventory and management systems to
coordinate and manage the activities in our distribution centers, as well as to communicate distribution information to the off-site, third-party operated distribution centers with which we work. The third-party distribution centers pick up products
from our suppliers, repackage the products for each of our stores and ship those products to our stores by package carriers. We use inventory replenishment systems to track sales and inventory. Our ability to rapidly process incoming shipments of
new release titles and deliver them to all of our stores, either that day or by the next morning, enables us to meet peak demand and replenish stores at least twice a week, to keep our stores in stock at optimum levels and to move inventory
efficiently. If our inventory or management information systems fail to adequately perform these functions, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, if operations in any of our distribution centers were to shut down or be disrupted for
a prolonged period of time or if these centers were unable to accommodate the continued store growth in a particular region, our business could suffer. 
 We have made and may make investments and acquisitions which could negatively impact our business if we fail to successfully complete and integrate them, or if they fail to perform in accordance
with our expectations. 
 To enhance our efforts to grow and compete, we have made and continue to make
investments and acquisitions. These activities include investments in and acquisitions of digital, browser, social and mobile gaming and technology-based companies as the delivery methods for video games continue to evolve. Our plans to pursue
future transactions are subject to our ability to identify potential candidates and negotiate favorable terms for these transactions. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that future investments or acquisitions will be completed. In addition, to
facilitate future transactions, we may take actions that could dilute the equity interests of our stockholders, increase our debt or cause us to assume contingent liabilities, all of which may have a detrimental effect on the price of our common
stock. Also, companies that we have acquired, and that we acquire in the future, have products that are in development, and there is no assurance that these products will be successfully developed. Finally, if any acquisitions are not successfully
integrated with our business, or fail to perform in accordance with our expectations, our ongoing operations could be adversely affected. Integration of digital, browser, social and mobile gaming and technology-based companies may be particularly
challenging to us as these companies are outside of our historical operating expertise. 
 We may not compete effectively as browser, mobile and social gaming becomes more
popular. 
 Gaming continues to evolve rapidly. The popularity of browser, mobile and social gaming has
increased greatly and this popularity is expected to continue to grow. Browser, mobile and social gaming is accessed through hardware other than the consoles and traditional hand-held devices we currently sell. If we are unable to respond to this
growth in popularity of browser, mobile and social games and transition our business to take advantage of these new forms of gaming, our financial position and results of operations could suffer. The Company has been and is currently pursuing
various strategies to integrate these new forms of gaming into the Company’s business model, but we can provide no assurances that these strategies will be successful or profitable. 
 Data breaches involving customer or employee data stored by us could adversely affect our reputation and revenues. 
 We store confidential information with respect to our customers and employees. A breach of the
systems storing personal account information and other sensitive data could lead to fraudulent activity resulting in claims and lawsuits against us in connection with data security breaches. Also, the interpretation and enforcement of data
protection laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are uncertain and, in certain circumstances, contradictory. These laws may be interpreted and enforced in a manner that is inconsistent with our policies and practices. If we are subject to
data security breaches or government-imposed fines, we may have a loss in sales or be forced to pay damages or other amounts, which could adversely affect profitability, or be subject to substantial costs related to compliance. In addition, any
damage to our reputation resulting from a data breach could have an adverse impact on our revenues and future growth prospects, or increase costs arising from the implementation of enhanced security measures. 
 Litigation and litigation results could negatively impact our future financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, the Company is, from time to time, subject to various
litigation and legal proceedings. In the future, the costs or results of such legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could have a negative impact on the Company’s results of operations or financial condition. 
 Legislative actions may cause our general and administrative expenses or income tax expense to increase and impact our future
financial condition and results of operations. 
 In order to comply with laws adopted by the
U.S. government or other regulatory bodies, we may be required to increase our expenditures and hire additional personnel and additional outside legal, accounting and advisory services, all of which may cause our general and administrative
costs or income tax expenses to increase. Changes in the accounting rules could materially increase the expenses that we report under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We may not pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future. 
 We initiated our first cash dividend on our common stock during fiscal 2012. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is no
assurance that we will continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future. Certain provisions in our credit facility restrict our ability to pay dividends in the future. Subject to any financial covenants in current or future financing
agreements that directly or indirectly restrict our ability to pay dividends, the payment of dividends is within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our future earnings and cash flow from operations, our capital
requirements, our financial condition and any other factors that the Board of Directors may consider. Unless we continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend entirely
upon its future appreciation. Our common stock may not appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which it was purchased. 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 
 Because of our floating rate credit facility, we may be adversely affected by interest rate changes. 
 Our financial position may be affected by fluctuations in interest rates, as our senior credit facility is subject to
floating interest rates. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary
policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. If we were to borrow against our senior credit facility, a significant increase in interest rates could have an adverse effect on our
financial position and results of operations. 
 The terms of our senior credit facility impose significant operating and
financial restrictions on us. 
 The terms of our senior credit facility impose significant operating and
financial restrictions on us. These restrictions, among other things, limit GameStop’s ability to: 
 incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness or guaranty obligations; 
 incur liens or agree to negative pledges in other agreements; 
 engage in sale and leaseback transactions; 
 make loans and investments; 
 declare dividends, make payments or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 engage in mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations; 
 prepay, redeem or purchase certain indebtedness; 
 amend or otherwise alter the terms of our organizational documents and our indebtedness, including the senior notes; 
 sell assets; and 
 engage in transactions with affiliates. 
 We cannot assure you that these covenants will not adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or to pursue available business opportunities. 
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including additional secured indebtedness. Our
senior credit facility restricts us from incurring additional indebtedness and is subject to important exceptions and qualifications. Such future indebtedness may have restrictions similar to or more restrictive than those contained in our senior
credit facility. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could impact our financial condition and results of operations. 