Described below are certain risks that we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. Each of the following risk factors should carefully be considered in conjunction with other information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. The risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing and, consequently, the market value of our common stock and debt instruments. These risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. The risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all the risks we face. There may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below. \n We face strong competition from multi-channel retailers, e-commerce businesses, technology service providers, traditional store-based retailers, vendors and mobile network carriers, which directly affects our revenue and profitability. \n While we constantly strive to offer consumers the best value, the retail sector is highly competitive. Price is of great importance to most customers, and price transparency and comparability continues to increase, particularly as a result of digital technology. The ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices. We compete with many other local, regional, national and international retailers and technology service providers, as well as some of our vendors and mobile network carriers that market their products directly to consumers. Competition may also result from new entrants into the markets we serve, offering products and/or services that compete with us. \n The retail sector continues to experience a trend towards an increase in sales initiated online and using mobile applications, and some online-only businesses have lower operating costs. Online and multi-channel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, with customers increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins. Because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service and a full range of services to complement the products we offer, our cost structure might be higher than some of our competitors, and this, in conjunction with price transparency, could put pressure on our margins. As these and related competitive factors evolve, we may experience material adverse pressure on our revenue and profitability. \n Our strategy to expand into new products, services and technologies brings new business, financial and regulatory risks. \n As we introduce new products and services, using new technologies and applications, we may have limited experience in these newer markets and regulatory environments and our customers may not like our new value propositions. These offerings may present new and difficult technology challenges, and we may be subject to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions, failures or other issues. For example, as our value proposition evolves to support the healthcare industry with technology, we may be subject to privacy and information security rules, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and/or subject to increased potential liability risk. \n This expanded risk increases the complexity of our business and places significant responsibility on our management, employees, operations, systems, technical expertise, financial resources, and internal financial and regulatory control and reporting functions. In addition, new initiatives we test through trials and pilots may not scale or grow effectively or as we expected, which could limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. They may also involve significant laws or regulations that are beyond our current expertise. \n In fiscal 2020, we continued to invest in our health strategy and our underlying purpose to enrich lives through technology. The new health-related services offered might expose us to liability risk resulting from failures in the fulfillment of these services. In addition, the services and systems used could expose us to customer data privacy and information security risks, as well as business or system interruption risks. These and other related issues could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. \n Our focus on services as a strategic priority exposes us to certain risks that could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability as well as our reputation. \n We offer a full range of services that complement our product offerings, including consultation, delivery, design, installation, memberships, protection plans, repair, set-up, technical support, and health, safety and caregiving monitoring and support. Designing, marketing and executing these services is subject to incremental risks. These risks include, for example: \n • increased labor expense to fulfill our customer promises; \n • pressure on traditional labor models to meet the evolving landscape of offerings and customer needs; \n • increased risk of errors or omissions in the fulfillment of services; \n • unpredictable extended warranty failure rates and related expenses; \n • employees in transit using company vehicles to visit customer locations and employees being present in customer homes, which may increase our scope of liability; \n • the potential for increased scope of liability relating to managed services offerings; \n • employees having access to customer devices, including the information held on those devices, which may increase our responsibility for the security of those devices and privacy of the data they hold; \n • the engagement of third parties to assist with some aspects of construction and installation, and the potential responsibility for the actions they undertake;