Described below are certain risks we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. The risks are categorized using the following headings: external, strategic, operational, regulatory and legal, and financial and market. Each of the following risk factors should carefully be considered in conjunction with other information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. The risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing and, consequently, the market value of our common stock and debt instruments. These risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. The risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all the risks we face. There may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below. \n External Risks \n The COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business, operations and financial condition to a number of risks, and those risks may intensify or last for an extended period of time. \n Risks Related to Sales and Customer Demand : At various times during fiscal 2021, the pandemic and the operational changes we have made have resulted in significant reductions in customer visits to, and spending at, our stores. The extent to which the pandemic continues to impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the duration of the pandemic; the extent of the impact on global and regional economies and economic activity, including the duration and magnitude of its impact on unemployment rates, consumer discretionary spending and consumer confidence; actions governments take, including governments’ positions towards monetary and/or fiscal policy, including potential stimulus or the timing and nature of loosening of restrictions imposed in response to the pandemic and its resurgence; actions businesses and individuals take in their ongoing responses to the pandemic; and our ability to successfully navigate those impacts. COVID-19 has caused consumers to allocate a higher share of wallet to consumer electronics. After the pandemic, consumers might shift their spending back towards categories or industries that were affected by the pandemic and away from consumer electronic categories. In addition, the pandemic has caused some products and services to be in high demand, and we may not be able to meet this demand in all of our categories due to product shortages or decisions by our vendors to allocate products to certain customers due to the circumstances resulting from the pandemic, and our vendors may increase prices, each of which may adversely impact our revenue and profitability. The pandemic has, and may continue to, negatively impact our products and services that historically have been more likely to be purchased in a physical store than online. \n Risks Related to Operations : The pandemic has forced us to make a number of operational changes. Although we continue to offer a contactless, curbside model for those who prefer to shop that way, we could be required to return to a curbside-only model or close stores due to the current or future resurgence of the pandemic. Our ability to continue to sell our products and services is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety of our customers and those employees who are needed to work at our stores and distribution facilities. Failure to maintain the recommended or required safety standards as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and local governments could also result in an increased risk of regulatory action or civil litigation. The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. While we are following the requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventative and protective measures to prioritize the safety of our customers and employees, these measures may not be successful, and we may be required to temporarily close distribution centers or stores from time to time, halt certain services or take other measures. Also, if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if customers do not perceive our response to be adequate for a particular region or our company as a whole, we could suffer damage to our reputation and our brand, which could adversely affect our business in the future. Additionally, while we have continued to prioritize the health and safety of our employees and customers as we continue to operate during the pandemic, we face an increased risk of litigation related to our operating environments. Preparing for and responding to the continuing pandemic could divert management’s attention from our key strategic priorities; increase costs as we prioritize health and safety matters for our employees and customers; cause us to reduce, delay, alter or abandon initiatives that may otherwise increase our long-term value; or otherwise disrupt our business operations. \n Risks Related to Profitability : To the extent COVID-19 continues to cause fundamental shifts in the channels in which customers choose to engage us, our profitability and our profitability rate may be adversely impacted. For example, at various times in fiscal 2021, we continued to pay rent for a number of physical stores that were closed and not generating sales (and we may need to do so again in the future), our online mix of products and services generally produces lower gross profit rates than in-store sales, and we offer some products and services that historically are more likely to be purchased in a physical store than online. We also do not offer or have limited digital and online offerings for certain products and services that have higher profitability rates. To the extent we are not able to maintain or increase the level of customer traffic in our stores or maintain or enable a more profitable mix of sales in our digital and online channels, our profitability and profitability rates may be materially negatively impacted. We have also incurred additional costs due to the operational changes we have made in response to the pandemic, and these costs have adversely impacted our profitability. As a result of disruptions to our supply chain, primarily due to mandatory shutdowns in locations where our products are manufactured, we are experiencing, and may continue to experience, increased costs for shipping and transportation resources. If we are unable to manage these costs and supply chain disruptions, our profitability may be adversely impacted. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, we could experience a longer-term impact on our costs, for example, the need for enhanced health and hygiene requirements in one or more regions in attempts to counteract future outbreaks. In the event of decreased store traffic, certain of our stores may not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses, which could adversely affect the value of our owned and leased properties, potentially requiring us to record more significant non-cash impairment charges in future periods.