RISK FACTORS 
 In addition
to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business and us: 
 Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. 
 Over the last several years, we have completed several acquisitions, including that of Switch & Data Facilities
Company, Inc. in 2010. We also acquired, with RW Brasil Fundo de Investimento em Participações, approximately 90% of the outstanding capital stock of ALOG Data Centers do Brasil S.A. in 2011, which resulted in Equinix acquiring an
indirect, controlling interest in ALOG of approximately 53%. We may make additional acquisitions in the future, which may include acquisitions of businesses, products, services or technologies that we believe to be complementary, acquisitions of new
IBX data centers or real estate for development of new IBX data centers or through investments in local data center operators. We may pay for future acquisitions by using our existing cash resources (which may limit other potential uses of our
cash), incurring additional debt (which may increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements) and/or issuing shares (which may dilute our existing stockholders and have a negative effect on our earnings per share). Acquisitions
expose us to potential risks, including: 
 the possible disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management’s attention by acquisition, transition and integration activities; 
 our potential inability to successfully pursue or realize some or all of the anticipated revenue opportunities associated with an acquisition or
investment; 
 the possibility that we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, or businesses in which we invest, or achieve anticipated
operating efficiencies or cost savings; 
 the possibility that announced acquisitions may not be completed, due to failure to satisfy the conditions to closing or for other reasons; 
 the dilution of our existing stockholders as a result of our issuing stock in transactions, such as our acquisition of Switch and Data, where 80% of
the consideration payable to Switch and Data’s stockholders consisted of shares of our common stock; 
 the possibility of customer dissatisfaction if we are unable to achieve levels of quality and stability on par with past practices; 
 the possibility that our customers may not accept either the existing equipment infrastructure or the “look-and-feel” of a new or different
IBX data center; 
 the possibility that additional capital expenditures may be required or that transaction expenses associated with acquisitions may be higher than
anticipated; 
 the possibility that required financing to fund an acquisition may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; 
 the possibility that we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under antitrust and competition laws on a timely basis
or at all, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing an acquisition, limit our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of an acquisition or have other adverse effects on our current business and
operations; 
 the possible loss or reduction in value of acquired businesses; 
 the possibility that future acquisitions, like that of ALOG, may present new complexities in deal structure, related complex accounting and
coordination with new partners; 
 the possibility that future acquisitions may be in geographies to which we are unaccustomed; 
 the possibility that carriers may find it cost-prohibitive or impractical to bring fiber and networks into a new IBX data center; 
 the possibility of litigation or other claims in connection with, or as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees,
customers, former stockholders or other third parties; and 
 the possibility of pre-existing undisclosed liabilities, including but not limited to lease or landlord related liability, environmental liability or
asbestos liability, for which insurance coverage may be insufficient or unavailable. 
 The occurrence of any
of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We cannot assure you that the price of any future acquisitions of IBX data centers will be similar to prior IBX data center acquisitions.
In fact, we expect costs required to build or render new IBX data centers operational to increase in the future. If our revenue does not keep pace with these potential acquisition and expansion costs, we may not be able to maintain our current or
expected margins as we absorb these additional expenses. There is no assurance we would successfully overcome these risks or any other problems encountered with these acquisitions. 
 Our substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flows and limit our flexibility to raise additional capital. 
 We have a significant amount of debt. Notwithstanding our intention to become free cash flow positive in 2013, we may not achieve such goal and may need to incur additional debt to support our growth.
Additional 
 debt may also be incurred to fund future acquisitions. As of December 31, 2011, our total indebtedness was approximately $3.1 billion, our stockholders’ equity was
$2.0 billion and our cash and investments totaled $1.1 billion. Some of our debt contains covenants which may limit our operating flexibility. In addition to our substantial debt, we lease a majority of our IBX centers and certain equipment
under non-cancelable lease agreements, the majority of which are accounted for as operating leases. As of December 31, 2011, our total minimum operating lease commitments under those lease agreements, excluding potential lease renewals,
was approximately $988.1 million, which represents off-balance sheet commitments. 
 Our substantial amount of debt and related
covenants, and our off-balance sheet commitments, could have important consequences. For example, it could: 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, reducing the
availability of our cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital, execution of our expansion strategy and other general corporate requirements; 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our various debt instruments; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and adverse changes in governmental regulations; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared
with our competitors; 
 limit our operating flexibility through covenants with which we must comply, such as limiting our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, which would also limit our ability to further expand
our business; and 
 make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates because of the variable interest rates on some of our borrowings to the extent we have not
entirely hedged such variable rate debt. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the performance of our stock price may trigger events that would require the write-off of a significant portion of our debt issuance costs related
to our convertible debt, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may also need to refinance
a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. Furthermore, if prevailing interest
rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase. These risks could materially adversely affect our financial
condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Global economic uncertainty and debt issues could adversely impact our business and
financial condition. 
 The varying pace of global economic recovery continues to create uncertainty and unpredictability and
add risk to our future outlook. Sovereign debt issues and economic uncertainty in Greece, Portugal, Spain, Ireland and other countries in Europe and around the world raise concerns in markets where we operate and which are important to our business.
Issues in Europe, for example, could lead to the reintroduction of national currencies in some European countries or the abandonment of the euro, which could be disruptive to our operations. A global economic downturn could also result in churn in
our customer base, reductions in sales of our products and services, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, adversely affecting our liquidity. If customers in EMEA have difficulty paying us, due to
the current European debt crisis or a global economic downturn generally, we may also be required to further increase our allowance for doubtful 
 accounts, which would negatively impact our results. The uncertain economic environment could also have an impact on our foreign exchange forward contracts if our counterparties’ credit
deteriorates further or they are otherwise unable to perform their obligations. Finally, our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to do so which could have an impact on our
flexibility to pursue additional expansion opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future. 
 The market price
of our stock may continue to be highly volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. 
 Since
January 1, 2011, the closing sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market has ranged from $82.00 to $136.55 per share. The market price of the shares of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile.
General economic and market conditions, and market conditions for telecommunications stocks in general, may affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Announcements by us or others, or speculations about our future plans, may also have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. These may relate to: 
 our operating results or forecasts; 
 new issuances of equity, debt or convertible debt by us; 
 changes to our capital allocation or business strategy; 
 our stock repurchase program; 
 developments in our relationships with corporate customers; 
 announcements by our customers or competitors; 
 changes in regulatory policy or interpretation; 
 governmental investigations; 
 changes in the ratings of our debt or stock by rating agencies or securities analysts; 
 our purchase or development of real estate and/or additional IBX data centers; 
 our acquisitions of complementary businesses; or 
 the operational performance of our IBX data centers. 
 The stock market has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for emerging telecommunications companies, and which have often
been unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to
securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and/or damages, and divert management’s attention from other business
concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 If we are not able to generate sufficient operating cash flows or obtain external
financing, our ability to fund incremental expansion plans may be limited. 
 Our capital expenditures, together with ongoing
operating expenses and obligations to service our debt, will be a substantial drain on our cash flow and may decrease our cash balances. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be available on
satisfactory terms. Our inability to obtain additional debt and/or equity financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to prioritize projects or curtail capital expenditures which could adversely affect our results of
operations. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate internationally could harm our results of
operations. 
 We may experience gains and losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. To date,
the majority of our revenues and costs are denominated in U.S. dollars; however, the majority of revenues and 
 costs in our international operations are denominated in foreign currencies. Where our prices are denominated in U.S. dollars, our sales could be adversely affected by declines in foreign
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, thereby making our products and services more expensive in local currencies. We are also exposed to risks resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in connection with our international
expansions. To the extent we are paying contractors in foreign currencies, our expansions could cost more than anticipated as a result of declines in the U.S dollar relative to foreign currencies. In addition, fluctuating foreign currency exchange
rates have a direct impact on how our international results of operations translate into U.S. dollars. 
 Although we have in
the past, and may decide in the future, to undertake foreign exchange hedging transactions to reduce foreign currency transaction exposure, we do not currently intend to eliminate all foreign currency transaction exposure. For example, while we
hedge certain of our foreign currency assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, we do not hedge revenue. Therefore, any weakness of the U.S. dollar may have a positive impact on our consolidated results of operations because the
currencies in the foreign countries in which we operate may translate into more U.S. dollars. However, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the currencies of the foreign countries in which we operate our consolidated financial position and
results of operations may be negatively impacted as amounts in foreign currencies will generally translate into fewer U.S. dollars. For additional information on foreign currency risk, refer to our discussion of foreign currency risk in
“Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” included in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report. 
 We are
continuing to invest in our expansion efforts but may not have sufficient customer demand in the future to realize expected returns on these investments. 
 We are considering the acquisition or lease of additional properties and the construction of new IBX data centers beyond those expansion projects already announced. We will be required to commit
substantial operational and financial resources to these IBX data centers, generally 12 to 18 months in advance of securing customer contracts, and we may not have sufficient customer demand in those markets to support these centers once they are
built. In addition, unanticipated technological changes could affect customer requirements for data centers, and we may not have built such requirements into our new IBX data centers. Either of these contingencies, if they were to occur, could make
it difficult for us to realize expected or reasonable returns on these investments. 
 Our products and services have a long sales cycle that
may harm our revenues and operating results. 
 A customer’s decision to license cabinet space in one of our IBX data
centers and to purchase additional services typically involves a significant commitment of resources. In addition, some customers will be reluctant to commit to locating in our IBX data centers until they are confident that the IBX data center has
adequate carrier connections. As a result, we have a long sales cycle. Furthermore, we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular sale or customer that does not result in revenue. We have also significantly expanded our sales
force in the past year. It will take time for these new hires to become fully productive. 
 The current economic downturn may
further impact this long sales cycle by making it extremely difficult for customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. This could cause customers to slow spending or delay decision-making on our products and services, which
would delay and lengthen our sales cycle. 
 Delays due to the length of our sales cycle may materially and adversely affect our
revenues and operating results, which could harm our ability to meet our forecasts for a given quarter and cause volatility in our stock price. 
 Any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our
business reputation and financial results. 
 Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable service. We
must protect our customers’ infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers. While we own certain of our IBX data centers, 
 others are leased by us, and we rely on the landlord for basic maintenance of the property. If such landlord has not maintained a leased property sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit
from the center which could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we continue to acquire IBX data centers not built by us. If we discover that these IBX data centers and their infrastructure assets are not in the condition we expected when
they were acquired, we may be required to incur substantial additional costs to repair or upgrade the centers. 
 The services
we provide in each of our IBX data centers are subject to failure resulting from numerous factors, including: 
 human error; 
 equipment failure; 
 physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches; 
 fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, tornado and other natural disasters; 
 extreme temperatures; 
 water damage; 
 fiber cuts; 
 power loss; 
 terrorist acts; 
 sabotage and vandalism; and 
 failure of business partners who provide our resale products. 
 Problems at one or more of our IBX data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant
equipment damage. We have service level commitment obligations to certain of our customers, including our significant customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our IBX data centers could result in difficulty
maintaining service level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. Because our IBX data centers are critical to many of our customers’ businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our
IBX data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. We cannot guarantee that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings
a lawsuit against us as a result of a problem at one of our IBX data centers. In addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could
consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results. 
 We may also incur significant liability in the event of an earthquake, particularly in one of the high hazard zones for earth movement which include, but are not limited to, California, Japan, the New
Madrid Seismic Zone and the Pacific Northwest Seismic Zone, where insurance coverage for earthquakes can be extremely expensive. While we purchase minimal levels of earthquake coverage for certain of our IBX data centers in California, at other
California IBX data centers and in other high hazard zones we have elected to self-insure. In the event of a large earthquake in any of these locations, we may find our insurance coverage to be inadequate to cover our damages, and our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Furthermore, we are dependent upon
Internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and other website operators in the Americas region, Asia-Pacific region, EMEA and elsewhere, some of which have experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. Users
of our services may in the future experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and services. If, for any reason, these 
 providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Our construction of additional new IBX data centers, or IBX data center expansions, could involve significant risks to our business. 
 In order to sustain our growth in certain of our existing and new markets, we must either expand an existing data center, lease a new
facility or acquire suitable land with or without structures to build new IBX data centers from the ground up. Expansions or new builds are currently underway, or being contemplated, in many of our markets. Any related construction requires us to
carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more designers, general contractors, and associated subcontractors during the design and construction process. Should a designer, general contractor, or significant subcontractor experience
financial or other problems during the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns. 
 Site selection is also a critical factor in our expansion plans. There may not be suitable properties available in our markets with the
necessary combination of high power capacity and fiber connectivity, or selection may be limited. Thus, while we may prefer to locate new IBX data centers adjacent to our existing locations it may not always be possible. In the event we decide to
build new IBX data centers separate from our existing IBX data centers, we may provide services to interconnect these two centers. Should these services not provide the necessary reliability to sustain service, this could result in lower
interconnection revenue and lower margins and could have a negative impact on customer retention over time. 
 Environmental regulations may
impose upon us new or unexpected costs. 
 We are subject to various federal, state, local and international environmental
and health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability, without regard
to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. Our operations involve the use of hazardous substances
and materials such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions and other materials. In addition, we lease, own or operate real property at which hazardous substances and regulated materials have been used in
the past. At some of our locations, hazardous substances or regulated materials are known to be present in soil or groundwater and there may be additional unknown hazardous substances or regulated materials present at sites we own, operate or lease.
At some of our locations, there are land use restrictions in place relating to earlier environmental cleanups that do not materially limit our use of the sites. To the extent any hazardous substances or any other substance or material must be
cleaned up or removed from our property, we may be responsible under applicable laws, regulations or leases for the removal or cleanup of such substances or materials, the cost of which could be substantial. 
 In addition, we are subject to environmental, health and safety laws regulating air emissions, storm water management and other issues
arising in our business. While these obligations do not normally impose material costs upon our operations, unexpected events, equipment malfunctions and human error, among other factors, can lead to violations of environmental laws, regulations or
permits. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations change frequently and may require additional investment to maintain compliance. Noncompliance with existing, or adoption of more stringent, environmental or health and safety laws and
regulations or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or become the basis of new or increased liabilities that could be material. 
 Fossil fuel combustion creates greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions that are linked to global climate change. Regulations to limit GHG emissions are in force in the European Union in an effort to
prevent or reduce climate change. In the United States, federal legislative proposals have been considered that would, if adopted, 
 implement some form of regulation or taxation to reduce or mitigate GHG emissions. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) is taking steps towards using its
existing authority under the Clean Air Act to regulate GHG emissions. On June 3, 2010, EPA published a final rule, known as the Tailoring Rule, setting forth the permitting program for regulating GHG emissions from major stationary sources.
These permitting requirements will include, but are not limited to, meeting the best available control technologies for GHG emissions, and monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping for GHG emissions. The first steps of the program became effective
January 2, 2011, and apply to large sources of GHGs such as, for example, fossil-fueled electricity generating facilities, that are already subject to Clean Air Act major source permits for their emission of non-greenhouse gas air pollutants
(such as sulfur dioxide or particulate matter). The second step of the permitting program became effective July 1, 2011, and applies to the construction a new facility that will emit 100,000 tons per year or more of carbon dioxide equivalent
(“CO2e”, a unit of measurement for GHGs) or to the modification of an existing facility that results in an increase of GHG emissions by 75,000 tons per year of CO2e. There is a small-source exception to the Tailoring Rule that we believe
applies to our facilities. Under the exception, no source with emissions below 50,000 tons per year of CO2e or any modification resulting in an increase of less than 50,000 tons per year of CO2e will be subject to Prevention of Significant
Deterioration (“PSD”) or Title V permitting before at least April 30, 2016. EPA also announced plans in the final rule to develop permitting requirements for smaller sources of GHGs after the expiration of the small-source exception,
which could potentially affect our facilities. We will continue to monitor the developments of this regulatory program to evaluate its impact on our facilities and business. 
 Several states within the United States have adopted laws intended to limit fossil fuel consumption and/or encourage renewable energy development for the same purpose. For example, California enacted
AB-32, the Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, prescribing a statewide cap on global warming pollution with a goal of reaching 1990 GHG emission levels by 2020 and establishing a mandatory emissions reporting program. On October 27, 2011, the
California Air Resources Board adopted final regulations establishing a cap-and-trade program to implement AB-32, which will establish an auction to allocate allowances for GHG emissions, and will establish a minimum price for such allowances. This
cap-and-trade regulation took effect January 1, 2012, and will require allowances to be surrendered for emissions of GHGs commencing January 1, 2013. This first phase of the cap-and-trade program will increase our electricity costs by an
amount that cannot yet be determined, but could exceed 5% of our costs of electricity at our California locations. In 2015, a second phase of the program will begin, imposing allowance obligations upon suppliers of most forms of fossil fuels,
which will increase the costs of our petroleum fuels used for transportation and emergency generators. 
 Federal, regional,
state and international regulatory programs to address climate change are still developing. In their final form, they may include a tax on carbon, a carbon “cap-and-trade” market, and/or other restrictions on carbon and GHG emissions. 
 We do not anticipate that climate change-related laws and regulations would directly limit the emissions of GHG by our
operations. We could, however, be directly subject to taxes, fees or costs, or could indirectly be required to reimburse electricity providers for such costs that would represent the amount of GHG we emit. The expected controls on GHG emissions are
likely to increase the costs of electricity or fossil fuels, and these cost increases could materially increase our costs of operation or limit the availability of electricity or emergency generator fuels. The physical impacts of climate change,
including extreme weather conditions such as heat waves, could materially increase our costs of operation due to, for example, an increase in our energy use in order to maintain the temperature and internal environment of our data centers necessary
for our operations. To the extent any environmental laws enacted or regulations impose new or unexpected costs, our business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to recruit or retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed 
 We must continue to identify, hire, train and retain IT professionals, technical engineers, operations employees, and sales, marketing,
finance and senior management personnel who maintain relationships with our 
 customers and who can provide the technical, strategic and marketing skills required for our company to grow. There is a shortage of qualified personnel in these fields, and we compete with other
companies for the limited pool of talent. The failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel, including but not limited to members of our executive team, could harm our business and our ability to grow our company. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 We must be able to differentiate our IBX data centers and product offerings from those of our competitors. In addition to competing with
other neutral colocation providers, we compete with traditional colocation providers, including telecom companies, carriers, internet service providers and managed services providers, and with large real estate investment trusts, or REITs, who also
operate in our market, and may enjoy a cost advantage in providing services similar to those provided by our IBX data centers. We may experience competition from our landlords, some of which are REITs, which could also reduce the amount of space
available to us for expansion in the future. Rather than leasing available space in our buildings to large single tenants, they may decide to convert the space instead to smaller square foot units designed for multi-tenant colocation use, blurring
the line between retail and wholesale space. We may also face competition from existing competitors or new entrants to the market seeking to replicate our global IBX data center concept by building or acquiring data centers, offering colocation on
neutral terms or by replicating our strategy and messaging. Finally, customers may also decide it is cost-effective for them to build out their own data centers. Once customers have an established data center footprint, either through a relationship
with one of our competitors or through in-sourcing, it may be extremely difficult to convince them to relocate to our IBX data centers. 
 Some of our competitors may adopt aggressive pricing policies, especially if they are not highly leveraged or have lower return thresholds that we do. As a result, we may suffer from pricing pressure that
would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Some of these competitors may also provide our target customers with additional benefits, including bundled communication services or cloud services, and may do so in a manner that is more
attractive to our potential customers than obtaining space in our IBX data centers. Competitors could also operate more successfully or form alliances to acquire significant market share. 
 Failure to compete successfully may materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our business could be harmed by prolonged electrical power outages or shortages, increased costs of energy or general lack of availability
of electrical resources. 
 Our IBX data centers are susceptible to regional costs of power, electrical power shortages,
planned or unplanned power outages and limitations, especially internationally, on the availability of adequate power resources. 
 Power outages, such as those that occurred in California during 2001, the Northeast in 2003, from the tornados on the U.S. east coast in 2004, and relating to the earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011,
could harm our customers and our business. We attempt to limit exposure to system downtime by using backup generators and power supplies; however, we may not be able to limit our exposure entirely even with these protections in place, as was the
case with the power outages we experienced in our Chicago and Washington, D.C. metro area IBX data centers in 2005, London metro area IBX data centers in 2007 and Paris metro area IBX data centers in 2009. 
 In addition, global fluctuations in the price of power can increase the cost of energy, and although contractual price increase clauses
exist in the majority of our customer agreements, we may not always choose to pass these increased costs on to our customers. 
 In each of our markets, we rely on third parties to provide a sufficient amount of power for
current and future customers. At the same time, power and cooling requirements are growing on a per unit basis. As a result, some customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. We generally do not control the amount of electric
power our customers draw from their installed circuits. This means that we could face power limitations in our centers. This could have a negative impact on the effective available capacity of a given center and limit our ability to grow our
business, which could have a negative impact on our financial performance, operating results and cash flows. 
 We may also have
difficulty obtaining sufficient power capacity for potential expansion sites in new or existing markets. We may experience significant delays and substantial increased costs demanded by the utilities to provide the level of electrical service
required by our current IBX data center designs. 
 We are exposed to potential risks from errors in our financial reporting systems and
controls, including the potential for material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires companies to evaluate their internal control over financial reporting. Although we received an unqualified opinion regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2011, in the course of our ongoing evaluation we have identified certain areas where we would like to improve and we are in the process of evaluating and designing enhanced processes and controls to address such areas, none of
which we believe constitutes a material change. However, we cannot be certain that our efforts will be effective or sufficient for us, or our independent registered public accounting firm, to issue unqualified reports in the future, especially as
our business continues to grow and evolve and as we acquire other businesses. 
 Our ability to manage our operations and growth
will require us to improve our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our internal reporting systems and controls. We may not be able to implement improvements to our internal reporting systems and controls in an efficient and
timely manner and have in the past, and may in the future, discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. In addition, internal reporting systems and controls are subject to human error. Any such deficiencies could result in material
misstatements in our consolidated financial statements, which might involve restating previously issued financial statements. Additionally, as we expand, we will need to implement new systems to support our financial reporting systems and controls.
We may not be able to implement these systems such that errors would be identified in a timely manner, which could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. 
 If we cannot effectively manage our international operations, and successfully implement our international expansion plans, our revenues may not increase and our business and results of operations
would be harmed. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, we recognized 40%, 38% and 39%, respectively,
of our revenues outside the U.S. We currently operate outside of the U.S. in Canada, Brazil, and in the EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions. 
 To date, the network neutrality of our IBX data centers and the variety of networks available to our customers has often been a competitive advantage for us. In certain of our acquired IBX data centers in
the Asia-Pacific region the limited number of carriers available reduces that advantage. As a result, we may need to adapt our key revenue-generating services and pricing to be competitive in those markets. In addition, we are currently undergoing
expansions or evaluating expansion opportunities outside of the U.S. Undertaking and managing expansions in foreign jurisdictions may present unanticipated challenges to us. 
 Our international operations are generally subject to a number of additional risks, including: 
 the costs of customizing IBX data centers for foreign countries; 
 protectionist laws and business practices favoring local competition; 
 greater difficulty or delay in accounts receivable collection; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including negotiating with foreign labor unions or workers’ councils; 
 difficulties in managing across cultures and in foreign languages; 
 political and economic instability; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 difficulties in repatriating funds from certain countries; 
 our ability to obtain, transfer, or maintain licenses required by governmental entities with respect to our business; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory, tax and political environments; 
 our ability to secure and maintain the necessary physical and telecommunications infrastructure; 
 compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; and 
 compliance with evolving governmental regulation with which we have little experience. 
 In addition, compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of
doing business in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations include data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, import and trade restrictions, export requirements, U.S. laws such as the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws which also prohibit corrupt payments to governmental officials. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on
the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our services in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions, and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our
international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks and manage these difficulties. 
 Economic uncertainty in developing markets could adversely affect our revenue and earnings. 
 We conduct business or are contemplating expansion in developing markets with economies that tend to be more volatile than those in the
United States and Western Europe. The risk of doing business in developing markets such as China, Brazil, India, Russia, United Arab Emirates and other economically volatile areas, could adversely affect our operations and earnings. Such
risks include the financial instability among customers in these regions, political instability, fraud or corruption and other non-economic factors such as irregular trade flows that need to be managed successfully with the help of the local
governments. In addition, commercial laws in some developing countries can be vague, inconsistently administered and retroactively applied. If we are deemed not to be in compliance with applicable laws in developing countries where we
conduct business, our prospects and business in those countries could be harmed, which could then have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. Our failure to successfully manage economic, political and
other risks relating to doing business in developing countries and economically and politically volatile areas could adversely affect our business. 
 The increased use of high power density equipment may limit our ability to fully utilize our IBX data centers. 
 Customers are increasing their use of high-density electrical power equipment, such as blade servers, in our IBX data centers which has significantly increased the demand for power on a per cabinet basis.
Because many of our IBX data centers were built a number of years ago, the current demand for electrical power may exceed the designed electrical capacity in these centers. As electrical power, not space, is a limiting factor in many of our IBX data
centers, our ability to fully utilize those IBX data centers may be limited. The availability of sufficient 
 power may also pose a risk to the successful operation of our new IBX data centers. The ability to increase the power capacity of an IBX data center, should we decide to, is dependent on several
factors including, but not limited to, the local utility’s ability to provide additional power; the length of time required to provide such power; and/or whether it is feasible to upgrade the electrical infrastructure of an IBX data center to
deliver additional power to customers. Although we are currently designing and building to a much higher power specification, there is a risk that demand will continue to increase and our IBX data centers could become obsolete sooner than expected. 
 We expect our operating results to fluctuate. 
 We have experienced fluctuations in our results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. The fluctuations in our operating results may cause the market price of our common stock to be volatile. We
may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results in the foreseeable future due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 fluctuations of foreign currencies in the markets in which we operate; 
 the timing and magnitude of depreciation and interest expense or other expenses related to the acquisition, purchase or construction of additional IBX
data centers or the upgrade of existing IBX data centers; 
 demand for space, power and services at our IBX data centers; 
 changes in general economic conditions, such as the current economic downturn, and specific market conditions in the telecommunications and Internet
industries, both of which may have an impact on our customer base; 
 charges to earnings resulting from past acquisitions due to, among other things, impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, reduction in the useful
lives of intangible assets acquired, identification of additional assumed contingent liabilities or revised estimates to restructure an acquired company’s operations; 
 the duration of the sales cycle for our services and our ability to ramp our newly-hired sales persons to full productivity within the time period we
have forecasted; 
 restructuring charges or reversals of existing restructuring charges, which may be necessary due to revised sublease assumptions, changes in strategy
or otherwise; 
 acquisitions or dispositions we may make; 
 the financial condition and credit risk of our customers; 
 the provision of customer discounts and credits; 
 the mix of current and proposed products and services and the gross margins associated with our products and services; 
 the timing required for new and future centers to open or become fully utilized; 
 competition in the markets in which we operate; 
 conditions related to international operations; 
 increasing repair and maintenance expenses in connection with aging IBX data centers; 
 lack of available capacity in our existing IBX data centers to generate new revenue or delays in opening up new or acquired IBX data centers that delay
our ability to generate new revenue in markets which have otherwise reached capacity; 
 changes in rent expense as we amend our IBX data center leases in connection with extending their lease terms when their initial lease term expiration
dates approach or changes in shared operating costs in connection with our leases, which are commonly referred to as common area maintenance expenses; 
 the timing and magnitude of other operating expenses, including taxes, expenses related to the expansion of sales, marketing, operations and
acquisitions, if any, of complementary businesses and assets; 
 the cost and availability of adequate public utilities, including power; 
 changes in employee stock-based compensation; 
 overall inflation; 
 increasing interest expense due to any increases in interest rates and/or potential additional debt financings; 
 our stock repurchase program; 
 changes in income tax benefit or expense; and 
 changes in or new generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. as periodically released by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB). 
 Any of the foregoing factors, or other factors discussed elsewhere in this report, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have experienced growth in revenues in recent quarters, this growth rate is not necessarily indicative of future operating results. Prior to 2008, we
had generated net losses every fiscal year since inception. It is possible that we may not be able to generate net income on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. In addition, a relatively large portion of our expenses are fixed in the
short-term, particularly with respect to lease and personnel expenses, depreciation and amortization and interest expenses. Therefore, our results of operations are particularly sensitive to fluctuations in revenues. As such, comparisons to prior
reporting periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. In addition, our operating results in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
 We have incurred substantial losses in the past and may incur additional losses in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2011, our accumulated deficit was $255.1 million. Although we have generated net income for each fiscal year since
2008, which was our first full year of net income since our inception, we are also currently investing heavily in our future growth through the build-out of multiple additional IBX data centers and IBX data center expansions as well as acquisitions
of complementary businesses. As a result, we will incur higher depreciation and other operating expenses, as well as acquisition costs and interest expense, that may negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability in future periods unless and
until these new IBX data centers generate enough revenue to exceed their operating costs and cover our additional overhead needed to scale our business for this anticipated growth. The current global financial crisis may also impact our ability to
sustain profitability if we cannot generate sufficient revenue to offset the increased costs of our recently-opened IBX data centers or IBX data centers currently under construction. In addition, costs associated with the acquisition and integration
of any acquired companies, as well as the additional interest expense associated with debt financing we have undertaken to fund our growth initiatives, may also negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability. Finally, given the competitive
and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 The failure to obtain favorable terms when we renew our IBX data center leases could harm our business and results of operations. 
 While we own certain of our IBX data centers, others are leased under long-term arrangements with lease terms expiring at various dates
ranging from 2011 to 2035. These leased centers have all been subject to significant development by us in order to convert them from, in most cases, vacant buildings or warehouses into IBX data centers. Most of our IBX data center leases have
renewal options available to us. However, many of these renewal options provide for rent set at then-prevailing market rates. To the extent that then-prevailing market rates are higher than present rates, these higher costs may adversely impact our
business and results of operations. 
 We depend on a number of third parties to provide Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers; if
connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our operating results and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The presence of diverse telecommunications carriers’ fiber networks in our IBX data centers is critical to our ability to retain and
attract new customers. We are not a telecommunications carrier, and as such we rely on third parties to provide our customers with carrier services. We believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve our
projected results. We rely primarily on revenue opportunities from the telecommunications carriers’ customers to encourage them to invest the capital and operating resources required to connect from their centers to our IBX data centers.
Carriers will likely evaluate the revenue opportunity of an IBX data center based on the assumption that the environment will be highly competitive. We cannot provide assurance that each and every carrier will elect to offer its services within our
IBX data centers or that once a carrier has decided to provide Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers that it will continue to do so for any period of time. 
 Our new IBX data centers require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our IBX data centers is complex
and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory processes and the availability of construction resources. Any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our new IBX data center
expansions. This could affect our ability to attract new customers to these IBX data centers or retain existing customers. 
 If
the establishment of highly diverse Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers does not occur, is materially delayed or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our operating results and cash flow will be adversely affected. 
 We may be vulnerable to security breaches which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and
operating results. 
 A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our
infrastructure could misappropriate either our proprietary information or the personal information of our customers, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our customers’ operations. As we provide assurances to our
customers that we provide the highest level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate
problems caused by breaches in security. As techniques used to breach security change frequently, and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when
implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to
our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. 
 We have government customers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. 
 We derive some revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments and their respective agencies. Some of these
customers may terminate all or part of their contracts at any time, without cause. 
 There is increased pressure for
governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Some of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these
contracts. Similarly, some of our contracts at the state and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations. 
 Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations which
could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from
future government business. 
 Because we depend on the development and growth of a balanced customer base, including key magnet customers,
failure to attract, grow and retain this base of customers could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our ability to
maximize revenues depends on our ability to develop and grow a balanced customer base, consisting of a variety of companies, including enterprises, cloud, digital content and financial companies, and network service providers. We consider certain of
these customers to be key magnets in that they draw in other customers. The more balanced the customer base within each IBX data center, the better we will be able to generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall
revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our IBX data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including the presence of multiple carriers, the mix of products and services offered by us, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key
customers attracting business through vertical market ecosystems, the IBX data center’s operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our services. However, some of our customers may face competitive pressures and may
ultimately not be successful or may be consolidated through merger or acquisition. If these customers do not continue to use our IBX data centers it may be disruptive to our business. Finally, the uncertain economic climate may harm our ability to
attract and retain customers if customers slow spending, or delay decision-making, on our products and services, or if customers begin to have difficulty paying us and we experience increased churn in our customer base. Any of these factors may
hinder the development, growth and retention of a balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to securities class action and other litigation, which may harm our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings as described in Note 13 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we may, in the future, be
subject to other litigation. For example, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and divert
management’s attention and resources. Results cannot be predicted with certainty and an adverse outcome in litigation could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that could seriously harm our business, results of operations, financial
condition or cash flows. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 We cannot assure that the steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of
proprietary information or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. We also are subject to the risk of litigation alleging infringement of third-party intellectual
property rights. Any such claims could require us to spend significant sums in litigation, pay damages, develop non-infringing intellectual property, or acquire licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of the alleged infringement. 
 Government regulation may adversely affect our business. 
 Various laws and governmental regulations, both in the U.S. and abroad, governing Internet related services, related communications services and information technologies remain largely unsettled, even in
areas where there has been some legislative action. For example, the Federal Communications Commission is considering proposed Internet rules and regulation of broadband that may result in material changes in the regulations and 
 contribution regime affecting us and our customers. Likewise, as part of a review of the current equity market structure, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission have both sought comments regarding the regulation of independent data centers, such as Equinix, which provide colocation services for financial markets and exchanges. The CFTC is also considering regulation of companies that use
automated and high-frequency trading systems. Any such regulation may ultimately affect our provision of services. 
 It also
may take years to determine whether and how existing laws, such as those governing intellectual property, privacy, libel, telecommunications services and taxation, apply to the Internet and to related services such as ours and substantial resources
may be required to comply with regulations or bring any non-compliant business practices into compliance with such regulations. In addition, the development of the market for online commerce and the displacement of traditional telephony service by
the Internet and related communications services may prompt an increased call for more stringent consumer protection laws or other regulation both in the U.S. and abroad that may impose additional burdens on companies conducting business online and
their service providers. 
 The adoption, or modification of laws or regulations relating to the Internet and our business, or
interpretations of existing laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Industry consolidation may have a negative impact on our business model. 
 If customers combine businesses, they may require less colocation space, which could lead to churn in our customer base. Regional competitors may also consolidate to become a global competitor.
Consolidation of our customers and/or our competitors may present a risk to our business model and have a negative impact on our revenues. 
 Terrorist activity throughout the world and military action to counter terrorism could adversely impact our business. 
 The continued threat of terrorist activity and other acts of war or hostility contribute to a climate of political and economic
uncertainty. Due to existing or developing circumstances, we may need to incur additional costs in the future to provide enhanced security, including cybersecurity, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. These circumstances may also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, our ability to raise capital and the operation and maintenance of our IBX data centers. We may not have adequate property and liability insurance
to cover catastrophic events or attacks. 
 We have various mechanisms in place that may discourage takeover attempts. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control of
us in a merger, acquisition or similar transaction that a stockholder may consider favorable. Such provisions include: 
 authorization for the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock; 
 the prohibition of cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 limits on the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; 
 the prohibition of stockholder action by written consent; and 
 advance notice requirements for nominations to the Board or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which restricts certain business
combinations with interested stockholders in certain situations, may also discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us. 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS