RISK FACTORS 
 In addition
to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business and us: 
 Risks Related to REIT Conversion 
 Although we have chosen to pursue conversion to a REIT, we may not be successful in converting to a REIT effective January 1, 2015, or at all. 
 In September 2012, our board of directors approved a plan for us to convert to a REIT. There are significant
implementation and operational complexities to address before we can timely convert to a REIT, including obtaining a favorable PLR from the IRS, completing internal reorganizations, modifying accounting, information technology and real estate
systems, receiving stockholder approvals and making required stockholder payouts. Even if we are able to satisfy the existing REIT requirements or any future REIT requirements, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing REITs may change
at any time in ways that could be disadvantageous to us. 
 Additionally, several conditions must be met in order to complete the conversion to a REIT,
and the timing and outcome of many of these conditions are beyond our control. For example, we cannot provide assurance that the IRS will ultimately provide us with a favorable PLR or that any favorable PLR will be received in a timely manner for us
to convert successfully to a REIT as of January 1, 2015. Even if the transactions necessary to implement REIT conversion are effected, our board of directors may decide not to elect REIT status, or to delay such election, if it determines in
its sole discretion that it is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders. We can provide no assurance if or when conversion to a REIT will be successful. Furthermore, the effective date of the REIT conversion could be delayed beyond
January 1, 2015, in which event we could not elect REIT status until the taxable year beginning January 1, 2016, at the earliest. Failure to timely convert to a REIT or maintain REIT status could result in dissatisfaction in our
stockholder base. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits to stockholders, including the achievement of significant tax savings for us
and regular distributions to our stockholders. 
 Even if we convert to a REIT and elect REIT status, we cannot provide
assurance that our stockholders will experience benefits attributable to our qualification and taxation as a REIT, including our ability to reduce our corporate level U.S. federal income tax through distributions to stockholders and to make regular
distributions to stockholders. The realization of the anticipated benefits to stockholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside our control. In addition, future cash distributions to stockholders will depend on our cash flows,
as well as the impact of alternative, more attractive investments as compared to dividends. 
 We may not qualify or remain qualified as a
REIT. 
 Although we plan to operate in a manner consistent with the REIT qualification rules if we convert to a REIT, we
cannot provide assurance that we will, in fact, qualify as a REIT or remain so qualified. REIT qualification involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code to our operations as well as various factual determinations
concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we still will have incurred substantial costs to support our REIT conversion and may still be subject to federal and state tax liability of approximately $360.0 to $380.0
million resulting from the recapture of depreciation and amortization expenses. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year after the REIT conversion, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative
minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates with respect to each such taxable year for which the statute of limitations remains open. In addition, we will be subject to monetary penalties for the failure. This treatment would
significantly reduce our net earnings and cash flow because of our additional tax liability and the penalties for the years involved, which could significantly impact our financial condition. 
 Legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting REITs, including positions taken by the IRS, could have a negative effect on us. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are continually under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the
IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the “Treasury”). New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could, with retroactive effect, significantly and negatively affect our ability to
qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Further, such actions could, with retroactive effect, also significantly and negatively affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences to our stockholders and us. 
 Complying with REIT qualification requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise
attractive opportunities. 
 To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests
concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our common stock. For example, under the Code, no more than 25% of the value
of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of our TRS, and other nonqualifying assets. This limitation may affect our ability to make large investments in other non-REIT qualifying operations or assets. In addition, in order to
maintain qualification as a REIT, annually we will be required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. Even if we maintain our
qualification as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates for our undistributed REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gains, as well as
U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates for income recognized by our TRS. Because of these distribution requirements, we will likely not be able to fund future capital needs and investments from operating cash flow. As such, compliance
with REIT tests may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of significant nonqualifying assets and the material expansion of non-real estate activities. 
 There are uncertainties relating to our estimate of our undistributed accumulated earnings and profits (“E&P”) distribution, as well as
the timing of such E&P distribution and the percentage of common stock and cash we may distribute. 
 We have provided an
estimated range of the E&P distribution. We are in the process of conducting a study of our pre-REIT accumulated earnings and profits as of the close of our 2012 taxable year using our historic tax returns and other available information. This
is a very involved and complex study, which is not yet complete, and the actual results of the study relating to our pre-REIT accumulated earnings and profits as of the close of our 2012 taxable year may be materially different from our current
estimates. In addition, the estimated range of our E&P distribution is based on our estimated and projected taxable income for our 2013 and 2014 taxable years and our current business plans and performance, but our actual earnings and profits
(and the actual E&P distribution) will vary depending on, among other items, the timing of certain transactions, our actual taxable income and performance for 2013 and 2014 and possible changes in legislation or tax rules and IRS revenue
procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits. For these reasons and others, our actual E&P distribution may be materially different from our estimated range. 
 We anticipate distributing a significant portion of the E&P distribution in 2014, with the balance distributed in 2015, but the
timing of the planned E&P distribution, which may or may not occur, may be affected by potential tax law changes, the completion of various phases of the REIT conversion process and other factors beyond our control. 
 We also anticipate paying up to 20% of the E&P distribution in the form of cash and at least 80% in the form of common stock. We may
in fact decide, based on our cash flows and strategic plans, IRS revenue procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits, leverage and other factors, to pay these amounts in a different mix of cash and common stock. 
 We may restructure or issue debt or raise equity to satisfy our E&P distribution and other conversion costs. 
 Depending on the ultimate size and timing of the E&P distribution and the cash outlays associated with our conversion to a REIT, we
may restructure or issue debt and/or issue equity to fund these disbursements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these transactions. Whether we issue debt or equity, at what price and amount and other terms of any
such issuances will depend on many factors, including alternative sources of capital, our then existing leverage, our need for additional capital, market conditions and other factors beyond our control. If we raise additional funds through the
issuance of equity securities or debt convertible into equity securities, the percentage of stock ownership by our existing stockholders may be reduced. In addition, new equity securities or convertible debt securities could have rights,
preferences, and privileges senior to those of our current stockholders, which could substantially decrease the value of our securities owned by them. Depending on the share price we are able to obtain, we may have to sell a significant number of
shares in order to raise the capital we deem necessary to execute our long-term strategy, and our stockholders may experience dilution in the value of their shares as a result. Furthermore, satisfying our E&P distribution and other conversion
costs may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives. As a result, our indebtedness could increase. See “Other Risks” for further information regarding our substantial indebtedness. 
 There are uncertainties relating to the costs associated with implementing the REIT conversion. 
 We have provided an estimated range of our tax and other costs to convert to a REIT, including estimated tax liabilities
associated with a change in our methods of depreciating and amortizing various assets and annual compliance costs. Our estimate of these taxes and other costs, however, may not be accurate, and such costs may actually be higher than our estimates
due to unanticipated outcomes in the process of obtaining a PLR, changes in our business support functions and support costs, the unsuccessful execution of internal planning, including restructurings and cost reduction initiatives, or other factors. 
 Restrictive loan covenants could prevent us from satisfying REIT distribution requirements. 
 If we are successful in converting to a REIT, restrictions in our credit facility and our indentures may prevent us from satisfying our
REIT distribution requirements, and we could fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT. If these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT but nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our REIT taxable income, we would
be subject to federal corporate income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts. See “Other Risks” for further information on our restrictive loan covenants. 
 We have no experience operating as a REIT, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations if we successfully
convert to a REIT. 
 We have no experience operating as a REIT, and our senior management has no experience operating a
REIT. Our pre-REIT operating experience may not be sufficient to prepare us to operate successfully as a REIT. Our inability to operate successfully as a REIT, including the failure to maintain REIT status, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 Other Risks 
 Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. 
 Over the last several years, we have completed several acquisitions, including that of Switch & Data Facilities Company, Inc.
(“Switch and Data”) in 2010, ALOG Data Centers do Brasil S.A. in 2011, Asia Tone Limited and ancotel GmbH in 2012, an acquisition of a Dubai IBX data center in 2012 and an acquisition of a carrier hotel in Frankfurt in 2013. We may
make additional acquisitions in the future, which may include (i) acquisitions of businesses, products, services or technologies that we believe to be complementary, (ii) acquisitions of new IBX data centers or real estate for development
of new IBX data centers or (iii) acquisitions through investments in local data center operators. We may pay for future acquisitions by using our existing cash resources (which may limit other potential uses of our cash), incurring additional
debt (which may increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements) and/or issuing shares (which may dilute our existing stockholders and have a negative effect on our earnings per share). Acquisitions expose us to potential
risks, including: 
 the possible disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management’s attention by acquisition, transition and integration activities; 
 our potential inability to successfully pursue or realize some or all of the anticipated revenue opportunities associated with an acquisition or
investment; 
 the possibility that we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, or businesses in which we invest, or achieve anticipated
operating efficiencies or cost savings; 
 the possibility that announced acquisitions may not be completed, due to failure to satisfy the conditions to closing or for other reasons; 
 the dilution of our existing stockholders as a result of our issuing stock in transactions, such as our acquisition of Switch and Data, where 80% of
the consideration payable to Switch and Data’s stockholders consisted of shares of our common stock; 
 the possibility of customer dissatisfaction if we are unable to achieve levels of quality and stability on par with past practices; 
 the possibility that our customers may not accept either the existing equipment infrastructure or the “look-and-feel” of a new or different
IBX data center; 
 the possibility that additional capital expenditures may be required or that transaction expenses associated with acquisitions may be higher than
anticipated; 
 the possibility that required financing to fund an acquisition may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; 
 the possibility that we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under antitrust and competition laws on a timely basis
or at all, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing an acquisition, limit our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of an acquisition or have other adverse effects on our current business and
operations; 
 the possible loss or reduction in value of acquired businesses; 
 the possibility that future acquisitions may present new complexities in deal structure, related complex accounting and coordination with new partners; 
 the possibility that future acquisitions may be in geographies and regulatory environments, to which we are unaccustomed; 
 the possibility that carriers may find it cost-prohibitive or impractical to bring fiber and networks into a new IBX data center; 
 the possibility of litigation or other claims in connection with, or as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees,
customers, former stockholders or other third parties; and 
 the possibility of pre-existing undisclosed liabilities, including, but not limited to, lease or landlord related liability, environmental liability or
asbestos liability, for which insurance coverage may be insufficient or unavailable. 
 The occurrence of any
of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We cannot assure you that the price of any future acquisitions of IBX data centers will be similar to prior IBX data center acquisitions.
In fact, we expect costs required to build or render new IBX data centers operational to increase in the future. If our revenue does not keep pace with these potential acquisition and expansion costs, we may not be able to maintain our current or
expected margins as we absorb these additional expenses. There is no assurance we would successfully overcome these risks or any other problems encountered with these acquisitions. 
 Our substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flows and limit our flexibility to raise additional capital. 
 We have a significant amount of debt and may need to incur additional debt to support our growth. Additional debt may also be incurred to fund future acquisitions, the E&P distribution or the other
cash outlays associated with conversion to a REIT. As of December 31, 2013, our total indebtedness was approximately $4.2 billion, our stockholders’ equity was $2.5 billion and our cash and investments totaled $1.0 billion. In addition, as
of December 31, 2013, we had approximately $516.8 million of additional liquidity available to us from our $550.0 million revolving credit facility as part of a $750.0 million credit facility agreement entered into with a group of lenders in
the U.S. as more fully described in Note 10 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of our debt contains covenants which may limit our operating flexibility. In addition to our
substantial debt, we lease a majority of our IBX data centers and certain equipment under non-cancellable lease agreements, the majority of which are accounted for as operating leases. As of December 31, 2013, our total minimum operating
lease commitments under those lease agreements, excluding potential lease renewals, was approximately $954.2 million, which represents off-balance sheet commitments. 
 Our substantial amount of debt and related covenants, and our off-balance sheet commitments,
could have important consequences. For example, they could: 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt and in respect of
other off-balance sheet arrangements, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital, execution of our expansion strategy and other general corporate requirements; 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our various debt instruments; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and adverse changes in governmental regulations; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared
with our competitors; 
 limit our operating flexibility through covenants with which we must comply, such as limiting our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, which would also limit our ability to further expand
our business; and 
 make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates because of the variable interest rates on some of our borrowings to the extent we have not
entirely hedged such variable rate debt. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the performance of our stock price may trigger events that would require the write-off of a significant portion of our debt issuance costs related
to our convertible debt, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may also need to refinance
a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. Furthermore, if prevailing interest
rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase. These risks could materially adversely affect our financial
condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Global economic uncertainty and debt issues could adversely impact our business and
financial condition. 
 The varying pace of global economic recovery continues to create uncertainty and unpredictability and
add risk to our future outlook. If an agreement on expanding the U.S. national debt ceiling is not reached in a timely manner in early 2014, the U.S. could default on its obligations which would impact the U.S. and other economies. An uncertain
global economy could also result in churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues from our offerings, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, adversely affecting our liquidity. The uncertain
economic environment could also have an impact on our foreign exchange forward contracts if our counterparties’ credit deteriorates further or they are otherwise unable to perform their obligations. Finally, our ability to access the capital
markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to do so which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional expansion opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future. 
 The market price of our stock may continue to be highly volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. 
 Since January 1, 2012, the closing sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market has ranged from $100.90 to
$229.67 per share. The market price of the shares of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile. General economic and market conditions, and market conditions for telecommunications stocks in general, may affect the market
price of our common stock. 
 Announcements by us or others, or speculations about our future plans, may also have a
significant impact on the market price of our common stock. These may relate to: 
 our operating results or forecasts; 
 new issuances of equity, debt or convertible debt by us; 
 changes to our capital allocation, tax planning or business strategy; 
 our planned conversion to a REIT; 
 a stock repurchase program; 
 developments in our relationships with corporate customers; 
 announcements by our customers or competitors; 
 changes in regulatory policy or interpretation; 
 governmental investigations; 
 changes in the ratings of our debt or stock by rating agencies or securities analysts; 
 our purchase or development of real estate and/or additional IBX data centers; 
 our acquisitions of complementary businesses; or 
 the operational performance of our IBX data centers. 
 The stock market has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for telecommunications companies, and which have often been
unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in our planned conversion to a REIT, the market price of our common stock may
decrease, and the decrease may be material. Furthermore, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the
future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and/or damages, and divert management’s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 If we are not able to generate sufficient operating cash flows or obtain external financing, our ability to fund incremental expansion plans may be
limited. 
 Our capital expenditures, together with ongoing operating expenses, obligations to service our debt and the cash
outlays associated with our REIT conversion, will be a substantial drain on our cash flow and may decrease our cash balances. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be available on satisfactory
terms. Our inability to obtain additional debt and/or equity financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to prioritize projects or curtail capital expenditures which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate internationally could harm our results of operations. 
 We may experience gains and losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. To date, the majority
of our revenues and costs are denominated in U.S. dollars; however, the majority of revenues and costs in our international operations are denominated in foreign currencies. Where our prices are denominated in U.S. dollars, our sales and revenues
could be adversely affected by declines in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, thereby making our offerings more expensive in local currencies. We are also exposed to risks resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
in connection with our international expansions. To the extent we are paying contractors in foreign currencies, our expansions could cost more than anticipated as a result of declines in the U.S dollar relative to foreign currencies. In addition,
fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates have a direct impact on how our international results of operations translate into U.S. dollars. 
 Although we currently undertake, and may decide in the future to further undertake, foreign
exchange hedging transactions to reduce foreign currency transaction exposure, we do not currently intend to eliminate all foreign currency transaction exposure. Therefore, any weakness of the U.S. dollar may have a positive impact on our
consolidated results of operations because the currencies in the foreign countries in which we operate may translate into more U.S. dollars. However, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the currencies of the foreign countries in which we
operate, our consolidated financial position and results of operations may be negatively impacted as amounts in foreign currencies will generally translate into fewer U.S. dollars. For additional information on foreign currency risk, refer to our
discussion of foreign currency risk in “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” included in Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof, including changes to tax rates, may adversely affect our financial statements and cash taxes. 
 We are a U.S. company with global subsidiaries and are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe that we have adequately assessed and accounted for our potential tax liabilities, and that our tax estimates are
reasonable, there can be no certainty that additional taxes will not be due upon audit of our tax returns or as a result of changes to the tax laws and interpretations thereof. The U.S. Congress as well as the governments of many of the
countries in which we operate are actively discussing changes to the corporate recognition and taxation of worldwide income. The nature and timing of any changes to each jurisdiction’s tax laws and the impact on our future tax liabilities
cannot be predicted with any accuracy but could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and financial position including cash flows. 
 We are continuing to invest in our expansion efforts but may not have sufficient customer demand in the future to realize expected returns on these investments. 
 We are considering the acquisition or lease of additional properties and the construction of new IBX data centers beyond those expansion
projects already announced. We will be required to commit substantial operational and financial resources to these IBX data centers, generally 12 to 18 months in advance of securing customer contracts, and we may not have sufficient customer demand
in those markets to support these centers once they are built. In addition, unanticipated technological changes could affect customer requirements for data centers, and we may not have built such requirements into our new IBX data centers. Either of
these contingencies, if they were to occur, could make it difficult for us to realize expected or reasonable returns on these investments. 
 Our offerings have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenues and operating results. 
 A customer’s decision to purchase our service offerings typically involves a significant commitment of resources. In addition, some
customers will be reluctant to commit to locating in our IBX data centers until they are confident that the IBX data center has adequate carrier connections. As a result, we have a long sales cycle. Furthermore, we may devote significant time and
resources in pursuing a particular sale or customer that does not result in revenue. We have also significantly expanded our sales force in the past year, and it will take time for these new hires to become fully productive. 
 Delays due to the length of our sales cycle may materially and adversely affect our revenues and operating results, which could harm our
ability to meet our forecasts and cause volatility in our stock price. 
 Any failure of our physical infrastructure or offerings could lead
to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our business reputation and financial results. 
 Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safehouse our customers’ infrastructure and
equipment located in our IBX data centers. We own certain of our IBX data centers, but others are leased by us, and we rely on the landlord for basic maintenance of our leased IBX data centers. If such landlord has not maintained a leased property
sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from the center which could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we continue to acquire IBX data centers not built by us. If we discover that these IBX data centers and their infrastructure
assets are not in the condition we expected when they were acquired, we may be required to incur substantial additional costs to repair or upgrade the centers. 
 The offerings we provide in each of our IBX data centers are subject to failure resulting
from numerous factors, including: 
 human error; 
 equipment failure; 
 physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches; 
 fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, tornado and other natural disasters; 
 extreme temperatures; 
 water damage; 
 fiber cuts; 
 power loss; 
 terrorist acts; 
 sabotage and vandalism; and 
 failure of business partners who provide our resale products. 
 Problems at one or more of our IBX data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant
equipment damage. We have service level commitment obligations to certain of our customers, including our significant customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our IBX data centers could result in difficulty
maintaining service level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. Because our IBX data centers are critical to many of our customers’ businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our
IBX data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. We cannot guarantee that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings
a lawsuit against us as a result of a problem at one of our IBX data centers. In addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could
consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results. 
 Furthermore, we are dependent upon Internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and other website operators in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA regions and elsewhere, some of which have
experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. Our customers may in the future experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If, for any reason, these providers fail to provide
the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 We are
currently making significant investments in our back office information technology systems, including those surrounding the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing, and upgrading our worldwide financial application suite.
Difficulties, distractions or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Commencing in 2012, we began a significant project to overhaul our back office systems that support the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing. Additionally, commencing in 2013, we
began to devote significant resources to the upgrade of our worldwide financial application suite from Oracle’s version 11i to R12. Both projects have continued into 2014. Oracle has already begun to discontinue its support for our current
business application suite. As a result of that discontinued support and our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction, and significant business disruptions. Difficulties with our
systems may interrupt our ability to accept and deliver customer orders and impact our overall financial operations, including our accounts payable, accounts receivables, general ledger, close processes, internal financial controls, and our ability
to otherwise run and track our business. We may need to expend significant attention, time and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. Such significant investments in our back office
systems may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve and there is a risk of an impairment charge if we decide that portions of these projects will not
ultimately benefit the company or are de-scoped. Any such difficulty or disruption may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 The insurance coverage that we purchase may prove to be inadequate. 
 We carry liability, property, business interruption and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks to our company. We select the
types of insurance, the limits and the deductibles based on our specific risk profile, the cost of the insurance coverage versus its perceived benefit and general industry standards. Our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions for
events such as war and nuclear reaction. We purchase minimal levels of earthquake insurance for certain of our IBX data centers, but for most of our data centers, including many in California, we have elected to self-insure. The earthquake and flood
insurance that we do purchase would be subject to high deductibles and any of the limits of insurance that we purchase could prove to be inadequate, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 Our construction of additional new IBX data centers, or IBX data center expansions, could involve significant risks to our
business. 
 In order to sustain our growth in certain of our existing and new markets, we must expand an existing data
center, lease a new facility or acquire suitable land, with or without structures, to build new IBX data centers from the ground up. Expansions or new builds are currently underway, or being contemplated, in many of our markets. Any related
construction requires us to carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more designers, general contractors, and associated subcontractors during the design and construction process. Should a designer, general contractor, or significant
subcontractor experience financial or other problems during the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns. 
 Site selection is also a critical factor in our expansion plans. There may not be suitable properties available in our markets with the
necessary combination of high power capacity and fiber connectivity, or selection may be limited. Thus, while we may prefer to locate new IBX data centers adjacent to our existing locations it may not always be possible. In the event we decide to
build new IBX data centers separate from our existing IBX data centers, we may provide interconnection solutions to connect these two centers. Should these solutions not provide the necessary reliability to sustain connection, this could result in
lower interconnection revenue and lower margins and could have a negative impact on customer retention over time. 
 Environmental
regulations may impose upon us new or unexpected costs. 
 We are subject to various federal, state, local and international
environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability,
without regard to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. Our operations involve the use of
hazardous substances and materials such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions and other materials. In addition, we lease, own or operate real property at which hazardous substances and regulated
materials have been used in the past. At some of our locations, hazardous substances or regulated materials are known to be present in soil or groundwater, and there may be additional unknown hazardous substances or regulated materials present at
sites we own, operate or lease. At some of our locations, there are land use restrictions in place relating to earlier environmental cleanups that do not materially limit our use of the sites. To the extent any hazardous substances or any other
substance or material must be cleaned up or removed from our property, we may be responsible under applicable laws, regulations or leases for the removal or cleanup of such substances or materials, the cost of which could be substantial. 
 In addition, we are subject to environmental, health and safety laws regulating air
emissions, storm water management and other issues arising in our business. While these obligations do not normally impose material costs upon our operations, unexpected events, equipment malfunctions and human error, among other factors, can lead
to violations of environmental laws, regulations or permits. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations change frequently and may require additional investment to maintain compliance. Noncompliance with existing, or adoption of more stringent,
environmental or health and safety laws and regulations or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or become the basis of new or increased liabilities that could be material. 
 Fossil fuel combustion creates greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions that are linked to global climate change. Regulations to limit
GHG emissions are in force in the European Union in an effort to prevent or reduce climate change. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) regulates GHG emissions from major stationary sources under the Clean Air Act.
Current regulations apply to large sources of GHGs, such as, for example, fossil-fueled electricity generating facilities, the construction of new facilities that emit 100,000 tons per year or more of carbon dioxide equivalent (“CO2e”, a
unit of measurement for GHGs) and the modification of any existing facility that results in an increase of GHG emissions by 75,000 tons per year of CO2e. A small source exception applies to our existing and anticipated facilities, which exempts
sources emitting below 50,000 tons per year of CO2e or any modification resulting in an increase of less than 50,000 tons per year of CO2e, from permitting requirements until at least April 30, 2016. The EPA may develop permitting requirements
for smaller sources of GHGs after April 30, 2016, which could potentially affect our facilities. We will continue to monitor the developments of this regulatory program to evaluate its impact on our facilities and business. 
 Several states within the U.S. have adopted laws intended to limit fossil fuel consumption and/or encourage renewable energy development
for the same purpose. For example, California enacted AB-32, the Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, prescribing a statewide cap on global warming pollution with a goal of reaching 1990 GHG emission levels by 2020, and established a mandatory
emissions reporting program. Regulations adopted by the California Air Resources Board, require allowances to be surrendered for emissions of GHGs. This first phase of the cap-and-trade program commenced on January 1, 2013, and could increase
our electricity costs. The effect on the price we pay for electricity cannot yet be determined, but the increase could exceed 5% of our costs of electricity at our California locations. In 2015, a second phase of the program will begin,
imposing allowance obligations upon suppliers of most forms of fossil fuels, which will increase the costs of our petroleum fuels used for transportation and emergency generators. 
 We do not anticipate that the climate change-related laws and regulations will force us to modify our operations to limit the emissions
of GHG. We could, however, be directly subject to taxes, fees or costs, or could indirectly be required to reimburse electricity providers for such costs representing the GHG attributable to our electricity or fossil fuel consumption. These cost
increases could materially increase our costs of operation or limit the availability of electricity or emergency generator fuels. The physical impacts of climate change, including extreme weather conditions such as heat waves, could materially
increase our costs of operation due to, for example, an increase in our energy use in order to maintain the temperature and internal environment of our data centers necessary for our operations. To the extent any environmental laws enacted or
regulations impose new or unexpected costs, our business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 If we
are unable to recruit or retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. 
 We must continue to identify, hire,
train and retain IT professionals, technical engineers, operations employees, and sales, marketing, finance and senior management personnel who maintain relationships with our customers and who can provide the technical, strategic and marketing
skills required for our company to grow. There is a shortage of qualified personnel in these fields, and we compete with other companies for the limited pool of talent. The failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel, including, but not
limited to, members of our executive team, could harm our business and our ability to grow our company. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 We must be able to differentiate our IBX data centers and product offerings from those of our competitors. In addition to competing with
other neutral colocation providers, we compete with traditional colocation providers, including telecommunications companies, carriers, internet service providers, managed services providers and large REITs who also operate in our market and may
enjoy a cost advantage in providing offerings similar to those provided by our IBX data centers. We may experience competition from our landlords which could also reduce the amount of space available to us for expansion in the future. Rather than
leasing available space in our buildings to large single tenants, they may decide to convert the space instead to smaller square foot units designed for multi-tenant colocation use, blurring the line between retail and wholesale space. We may also
face competition from existing competitors or new entrants to the market seeking to replicate our global IBX data center concept by building or acquiring data centers, offering colocation on neutral terms or by replicating our strategy and
messaging. Finally, customers may also decide it is cost-effective for them to build out their own data centers. Once customers have an established data center footprint, either through a relationship with one of our competitors or through
in-sourcing, it may be extremely difficult to convince them to relocate to our IBX data centers. 
 Some of our competitors may
adopt aggressive pricing policies, especially if they are not highly leveraged or have lower return thresholds than we do. As a result, we may suffer from pricing pressure that would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Some of these
competitors may also provide our target customers with additional benefits, including bundled communication services or cloud services, and may do so in a manner that is more attractive to our potential customers than obtaining space in our IBX data
centers. Similarly, with growing acceptance of cloud-based technologies, Equinix is at risk losing customers that may decide to fully leverage cloud infrastructure offerings instead of managing their own. Competitors could also operate more
successfully or form alliances to acquire significant market share. 
 Failure to compete successfully may materially adversely
affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our business could be harmed by prolonged power outages or
shortages, increased costs of energy or general lack of availability of electrical resources. 
 Our IBX data centers are
susceptible to regional costs of power, power shortages, planned or unplanned power outages and limitations, especially internationally, on the availability of adequate power resources. 
 Power outages, such as those relating to the earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011 or Superstorm Sandy, which hit the U.S. East Coast
in 2012, could harm our customers and our business. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators and power supplies; however, we may not be able to limit our exposure entirely even with these protections in place.
Some of our IBXs are located in leased buildings where, depending upon the lease requirements and number of tenants involved, we may or may not control some or all of the infrastructure including generators and fuel tanks. As a result, in the event
of a power outage, we may be dependent upon the landlord, as well as the utility company, to restore the power. 
 In addition,
global fluctuations in the price of power can increase the cost of energy, and although contractual price increase clauses exist in the majority of our customer agreements, we may not always choose to pass these increased costs on to our customers. 
 In each of our markets, we rely on third parties to provide a sufficient amount of power for current and future customers. At
the same time, power and cooling requirements are growing on a per unit basis. As a result, some customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. We generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from their
installed circuits. This means that we could face power limitations in our IBX data centers. This could have a negative impact on the effective available capacity of a given center and limit our ability to grow our business, which could have a
negative impact on our financial performance, operating results and cash flows. 
 We may also have difficulty obtaining sufficient power capacity for potential expansion
sites in new or existing markets. We may experience significant delays and substantial increased costs demanded by the utilities to provide the level of electrical service required by our current IBX data center designs. 
 If our internal controls are found to be ineffective, our financial results or our stock price may be adversely affected. 
 Our most recent evaluation of our controls resulted in our conclusion that, as of December 31, 2013, in compliance with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective. Our ability to manage our operations and growth, and to successfully implement our proposed REIT conversion and other systems upgrades
designed to support our growth, will require us to develop our controls and reporting systems and implement or amend new controls and reporting systems. If, in the future, our internal control over financial reporting is found to be ineffective, or
if a material weakness is identified in our controls over financial reporting, our financial results may be adversely affected. Investors may also lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements which could adversely affect our stock
price. 
 In addition, in May 2013, the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”)
issued a new version of its internal control framework, which will be deemed by COSO to supersede the 1992 version of the framework effective December 15, 2014. We have not developed our plan for transition to application of the 2013 edition of
the framework to our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. It is possible that during the course of the transition to the new framework and its application to our assessment of our internal controls, we may determine that
deficiencies exist in our internal controls, possibly rising to the level of material weakness. Such an occurrence, or a failure to effectively remedy such a deficiency, could harm investor confidence in the accuracy and timeliness of our financial
reports and negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 
 If we cannot effectively manage our international operations, and
successfully implement our international expansion plans, our revenues may not increase and our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recognized approximately 46%, 44% and 41%, respectively, of our revenues outside the U.S. We currently operate outside of the U.S. in Canada,
Brazil, EMEA and Asia-Pacific. 
 To date, the network neutrality of our IBX data centers and the variety of networks available
to our customers has often been a competitive advantage for us. In certain of our acquired IBX data centers in the Asia-Pacific region the limited number of carriers available reduces that advantage. As a result, we may need to adapt our key
revenue-generating offerings and pricing to be competitive in those markets. In addition, we are currently undergoing expansions or evaluating expansion opportunities outside of the U.S. Undertaking and managing expansions in foreign jurisdictions
may present unanticipated challenges to us. 
 Our international operations are generally subject to a number of additional
risks, including: 
 the costs of customizing IBX data centers for foreign countries; 
 protectionist laws and business practices favoring local competition; 
 greater difficulty or delay in accounts receivable collection; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including negotiating with foreign labor unions or workers’ councils; 
 difficulties in managing across cultures and in foreign languages; 
 political and economic instability; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 difficulties in repatriating funds from certain countries; 
 our ability to obtain, transfer, or maintain licenses required by governmental entities with respect to our business; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory, tax and political environments; 
 our ability to secure and maintain the necessary physical and telecommunications infrastructure; 
 compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 
 compliance with economic and trade sanctions enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury; and 
 compliance with evolving governmental regulation with which we have little experience. 
 In addition, compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of
doing business in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations include data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, import and trade restrictions, export requirements, economic and trade sanctions,
U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws which also prohibit corrupt payments to governmental officials. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our
employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our offerings in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions, and could also materially
damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks and manage
these difficulties. 
 Economic uncertainty in developing markets could adversely affect our revenue and earnings. 
 We conduct business, or are contemplating expansion, in developing markets with economies that tend to be more volatile than those in the
U.S. and Western Europe. The risk of doing business in developing markets such as Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Russia, the United Arab Emirates and other economically volatile areas could adversely affect our operations and
earnings. Such risks include the financial instability among customers in these regions, political instability, fraud or corruption and other non-economic factors such as irregular trade flows that need to be managed successfully with the help
of the local governments. In addition, commercial laws in some developing countries can be vague, inconsistently administered and retroactively applied. If we are deemed not to be in compliance with applicable laws in developing countries
where we conduct business, our prospects and business in those countries could be harmed, which could then have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. Our failure to successfully manage economic,
political and other risks relating to doing business in developing countries and economically and politically volatile areas could adversely affect our business. 
 The use of high power density equipment may limit our ability to fully utilize our older IBX data centers. 
 Some customers have increased their use of high power density equipment, such as blade servers, in our IBX data centers which has increased the demand for power on a per cabinet basis. Because many of our
IBX data centers were built a number of years ago, the current demand for power may exceed the designed electrical capacity in these centers. As power, not space, is a limiting factor in many of our IBX data centers, our ability to fully
utilize those IBX data centers may be limited. The ability to increase the power capacity of an IBX data center, should we decide to, is dependent on several factors including, but not limited to, the local utility’s ability to provide
additional power; the length of time required to provide such power; and/or whether it is feasible to upgrade the electrical infrastructure of an IBX data center to deliver additional power to customers. Although we are currently designing and
building to a higher power specification than that of many of our older IBX data centers, there is a risk that demand will continue to increase and our IBX data centers could become underutilized sooner than expected. 
 We expect our operating results to fluctuate. 
 We have experienced fluctuations in our results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. The fluctuations in our operating results
may cause the market price of our common stock to be volatile. We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results in the foreseeable future due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 fluctuations of foreign currencies in the markets in which we operate; 
 the timing and magnitude of depreciation and interest expense or other expenses related to the acquisition, purchase or construction of additional IBX
data centers or the upgrade of existing IBX data centers; 
 demand for space, power and services at our IBX data centers; 
 changes in general economic conditions, such as an economic downturn, or specific market conditions in the telecommunications and Internet industries,
both of which may have an impact on our customer base; 
 charges to earnings resulting from past acquisitions due to, among other things, impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, reduction in the useful
lives of intangible assets acquired, identification of additional assumed contingent liabilities or revised estimates to restructure an acquired company’s operations; 
 the duration of the sales cycle for our offerings and our ability to ramp our newly-hired sales persons to full productivity within the time period we
have forecasted; 
 restructuring charges or reversals of existing restructuring charges, which may be necessary due to revised sublease assumptions, changes in strategy
or otherwise; 
 acquisitions or dispositions we may make; 
 the financial condition and credit risk of our customers; 
 the provision of customer discounts and credits; 
 the mix of current and proposed products and offerings and the gross margins associated with our products and offerings; 
 the timing required for new and future IBX data centers to open or become fully utilized; 
 competition in the markets in which we operate; 
 conditions related to international operations; 
 increasing repair and maintenance expenses in connection with aging IBX data centers; 
 lack of available capacity in our existing IBX data centers to generate new revenue or delays in opening new or acquired IBX data centers that delay
our ability to generate new revenue in markets which have otherwise reached capacity; 
 changes in rent expense as we amend our IBX data center leases in connection with extending their lease terms when their initial lease term expiration
dates approach or changes in shared operating costs in connection with our leases, which are commonly referred to as common area maintenance expenses; 
 the timing and magnitude of other operating expenses, including taxes, expenses related to the expansion of sales, marketing, operations and
acquisitions, if any, of complementary businesses and assets; 
 the cost and availability of adequate public utilities, including power; 
 changes in employee stock-based compensation; 
 overall inflation; 
 increasing interest expense due to any increases in interest rates and/or potential additional debt financings; 
 our proposed REIT conversion, including the timing of expenditures and other cash outlays associated with the REIT conversion; 
 changes in our tax planning strategies or failure to realize anticipated benefits from such strategies; 
 changes in income tax benefit or expense; and 
 changes in or new generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the U.S. as periodically released by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”). 
 Any of the foregoing factors, or other factors discussed elsewhere in
this report, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have experienced growth in revenues in recent quarters, this growth rate is not necessarily indicative of future operating
results. Prior to 2008, we had generated net losses every fiscal year since inception. It is possible that we may not be able to generate net income on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. In addition, a relatively large portion of our
expenses are fixed in the short-term, particularly with respect to lease and personnel expenses, depreciation and amortization and interest expenses. Therefore, our results of operations are particularly sensitive to fluctuations in revenues. As
such, comparisons to prior reporting periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. In addition, our operating results in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
 We have incurred substantial losses in the past and may incur additional losses in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2013, our accumulated deficit was $36.4 million. Although we have generated net income for each fiscal year since
2008, which was our first full year of net income since our inception, we are also currently investing heavily in our future growth through the build out of multiple additional IBX data centers and IBX data center expansions as well as acquisitions
of complementary businesses. As a result, we will incur higher depreciation and other operating expenses, as well as acquisition costs and interest expense, that may negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability in future periods unless and
until these new IBX data centers generate enough revenue to exceed their operating costs and cover our additional overhead needed to scale our business for this anticipated growth. The current global financial uncertainty may also impact our ability
to sustain profitability if we cannot generate sufficient revenue to offset the increased costs of our recently-opened IBX data centers or IBX data centers currently under construction. In addition, costs associated with the acquisition and
integration of any acquired companies, as well as the additional interest expense associated with debt financing we have undertaken to fund our growth initiatives, may also negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability. Finally, given the
competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 The failure to obtain favorable terms when we renew our IBX data center leases, or the failure to renew
such leases, could harm our business and results of operations. 
 While we own certain of our IBX data centers, others are
leased under long-term arrangements with lease terms expiring at various dates through 2053. These leased centers have all been subject to significant development by us in order to convert them from, in most cases, vacant buildings or warehouses
into IBX data centers. Most of our IBX data center leases have renewal options available to us. However, many of these renewal options provide for the rent to be set at then-prevailing market rates. To the extent that then-prevailing market rates
are higher than present rates, these higher costs may adversely impact our business and results of operations, or we may decide against renewing the lease. In the event that an IBX data center lease does not have a renewal option, we may not be
successful in negotiating a renewal of the lease with the landlord. A failure to renew a lease could force us to exit a building prematurely, which could be disruptive to our business, harm our customer relationships, expose us to liability under
our customer contracts, cause us to take impairment charges and negatively affect our operating results. 
 We depend on a number of third
parties to provide Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers; if connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our operating results and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The presence of diverse telecommunications carriers’ fiber networks in our IBX data centers is critical to our ability to retain and
attract new customers. We are not a telecommunications carrier, and as such, we rely on third parties to provide our customers with carrier services. We believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve
our projected results. We rely primarily on revenue opportunities from the telecommunications carriers’ customers to encourage them to invest the capital and operating resources required to connect from their centers to our IBX data centers.
Carriers will likely evaluate the revenue opportunity of an IBX data center based on the assumption that the environment will be highly competitive. We cannot provide assurance that each and every carrier will elect to offer its services within our
IBX data centers or that once a carrier has decided to provide Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers that it will continue to do so for any period of time. 
 Our new IBX data centers require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our IBX data centers is complex
and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory processes and the availability of construction resources. Any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our new IBX data center
expansions. This could affect our ability to attract new customers to these IBX data centers or retain existing customers. 
 If
the establishment of highly diverse Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers does not occur, is materially delayed or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our operating results and cash flow will be adversely affected. 
 We may be vulnerable to security breaches which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and
operating results. 
 A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our
infrastructure could misappropriate either our proprietary information or the personal information of our customers, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our customers’ operations. As we provide assurances to our
customers that we provide the highest level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate
problems caused by breaches in security. As techniques used to breach security change frequently, and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when
implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to
our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. 
 We have government customers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. 
 We derive some revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments and foreign governments. Some of these
customers may terminate all or part of their contracts at any time, without cause. 
 There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and
internationally, to reduce spending. Some of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, some of our contracts at the state
and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations. 
 Additionally, government contracts are generally subject
to audits and investigations which could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
suspensions or debarment from future government business. 
 Because we depend on the development and growth of a balanced customer base,
including key magnet customers, failure to attract, grow and retain this base of customers could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our ability to maximize revenues depends on our ability to develop and grow a balanced customer base, consisting of a variety of companies, including enterprises, cloud, digital content and financial
companies, and network service providers. We consider certain of these customers to be key magnets in that they draw in other customers. The more balanced the customer base within each IBX data center, the better we will be able to generate
significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our IBX data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including the presence of multiple carriers, the mix of our offerings,
the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through vertical market ecosystems, the IBX data center’s operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our offerings. However, some of
our customers may face competitive pressures and may ultimately not be successful or may be consolidated through merger or acquisition. If these customers do not continue to use our IBX data centers it may be disruptive to our business. Finally, the
uncertain economic climate may harm our ability to attract and retain customers if customers slow spending, or delay decision-making, on our offerings, or if customers begin to have difficulty paying us and we experience increased churn in our
customer base. Any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to securities class action and other litigation, which may harm our business and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to securities class action or other litigation. For example, securities class action litigation has often been brought
against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and divert management’s attention and resources. Results cannot be predicted with certainty and an adverse outcome in
litigation could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that could seriously harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 We cannot
make assurances that the steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of proprietary information or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our
intellectual property rights. We also are subject to the risk of litigation alleging infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. Any such claims could require us to spend significant sums in litigation, pay damages, develop
non-infringing intellectual property, or acquire licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of the alleged infringement. 
 Government regulation may adversely affect our business. 
 Various laws and governmental regulations, both in the U.S. and abroad, governing Internet related services, related communications services and information technologies remain largely unsettled, even in
areas where there has been some legislative action. For example, the Federal Communications Commission is considering proposed Internet rules and regulation of broadband that may result in material changes in the regulations and contribution regime
affecting us and our customers. Likewise, as part of a review of the current equity market structure, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission have both sought comments regarding the regulation of
independent data centers, such as us, which provide colocation for financial markets and exchanges. The CFTC is also considering regulation of companies that use automated and high-frequency trading systems. Any such regulation may ultimately affect
our provision of offerings. 
 It also may take years to determine whether and how existing laws, such as those governing
intellectual property, privacy, libel, telecommunications services and taxation, apply to the Internet and to related offerings such as ours, and substantial resources may be required to comply with regulations or bring any non-compliant business
practices into compliance with such regulations. In addition, the development of the market for online commerce and the displacement of traditional telephony service by the Internet and related communications services may prompt an increased call
for more stringent consumer protection laws or other regulation both in the U.S. and abroad that may impose additional burdens on companies conducting business online and their service providers. 
 The adoption, or modification of laws or regulations relating to the Internet and our business, or interpretations of existing laws,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Industry consolidation may have a
negative impact on our business model. 
 If customers combine businesses, they may require less colocation space, which
could lead to churn in our customer base. Regional competitors may also consolidate to become a global competitor. Consolidation of our customers and/or our competitors may present a risk to our business model and have a negative impact on our
revenues. 
 Terrorist activity throughout the world and military action to counter terrorism could adversely impact our business. 
 The continued threat of terrorist activity and other acts of war or hostility contribute to a climate of political and
economic uncertainty. Due to existing or developing circumstances, we may need to incur additional costs in the future to provide enhanced security, including cybersecurity, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. These circumstances may also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, our ability to raise capital and the operation and maintenance of our IBX data centers. 
 We have various mechanisms in place that may discourage takeover attempts. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control of
us in a merger, acquisition or similar transaction that a stockholder may consider favorable. Such provisions include: 
 authorization for the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock; 
 the prohibition of cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 limits on the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; 
 limits on stockholder action by written consent; and 
 advance notice requirements for nominations to the Board or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which restricts certain business
combinations with interested stockholders in certain situations, may also discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us. 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS