Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information in this 2011 Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its business because such factors may significantly
impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. As a result of these risk factors, as well as other risks discussed in our other SEC filings, our actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking
statements. No priority or significance is intended, nor should be attached, to the order in which the risk factors appear. 
 The
Semiconductor Equipment Industry is Subject to Major Fluctuations and, as a Result, We Face Risks Related to Our Strategic Resource Allocation Decisions 
 The business cycle in the semiconductor equipment industry has historically been characterized by frequent periods of rapid change in demand that challenge our management to adjust spending and other
resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information
systems, procedures for training and managing our work force, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure, work force, and other components of our business on a timely basis. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during
periods of demand decline, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. In late 2008 and throughout 2009, the semiconductor industry experienced a general decline in demand, leading to a steep decline in demand for our products
and services. In response to that industry demand decline and in an effort to minimize the disruptive effects of the deteriorating economic conditions on our business operating results, we made difficult resource allocation decisions, including
layoffs and restructurings. 
 We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing
business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during this period of growth, or
we may expand our capacity too rapidly and/or beyond what is appropriate for the actual demand environment. 
 Especially during
transitional periods, resource allocation decisions can have a significant impact on our future performance, particularly if we have not accurately anticipated industry changes. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our
executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. 
 Future Declines
in the Semiconductor Industry, and the Overall World Economic Conditions on Which it is Significantly Dependent, Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and
anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and historically experiences periodic downturns. Global economic and business conditions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted
customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times of economic 
 uncertainty, some of our customers’ budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our
products and services. As a result, economic downturns can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition including, but not limited to: 
 a decline in demand for our products; 
 an increase in reserves on accounts receivable due to our customers’ inability to pay us; 
 an increase in reserves on inventory balances due to excess or obsolete inventory as a result of our inability to sell such inventory; 
 valuation allowances on deferred tax assets; 
 restructuring charges; 
 asset impairments including the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 a decline in the value of our investments; 
 exposure to claims from our suppliers for payment on inventory that is ordered in anticipation of customer purchases that do not come to fruition; 
 a decline in the value of certain facilities we lease to less than our residual value guarantee with the lessor; and 
 challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply. 
 Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues and operating
results. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams, which sometimes result in restructuring charges. Even during periods of
reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in research and development (“R&D”) and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and
other financial results. 
 Our Quarterly Revenues and Operating Results Are Unpredictable 
 Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, not all of which are in
our control. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, and a certain amount of those expenses are relatively fixed, a change in
the timing of recognition of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably
include, but are not limited to: 
 economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries in general and specifically the semiconductor equipment industry; 
 the size and timing of orders from customers; 
 procurement shortages; 
 the failure of our suppliers or outsource providers to perform their obligations in a manner consistent with our expectations; 
 manufacturing difficulties; 
 customer cancellations or delays in shipments, installations, and/or customer acceptances; 
 the extent that customers continue to purchase and use our products and services in their business; 
 changes in average selling prices, customer mix, and product mix; 
 our ability in a timely manner to develop, introduce and market new, enhanced, and competitive products; 
 our competitors’ introduction of new products; 
 legal or technical challenges to our products and technology; 
 transportation, communication, demand, information technology or supply disruptions based on factors outside our control such as strikes, acts of God,
wars, terrorist activities, and natural disasters; 
 legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory changes (including but not limited to change in import/export regulations) or changes in the interpretation or
enforcement of existing requirements; 
 changes in our estimated effective tax rate; 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and 
 the dilutive impact of our convertible notes and related warrants on our earnings per share. 
 Our Leverage and Debt Service Obligations and Potential Note Conversion or Related Hedging Activities May Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition,
Results of Operations and Earnings Per Share 
 As a result of the sale of our convertible notes (“Notes”), we
have a greater amount of debt than we have maintained in the past. Our maintenance of higher levels of indebtedness could have adverse consequences including: 
 impacting our ability to satisfy our obligations; 
 increasing the portion of our cash flows that may have to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not be available for operations,
working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; and 
 impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial,
business, economic, regulatory and other factors. Furthermore, our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt. As a result, we may need to enter into new financing arrangements to obtain
the necessary funds. If we determine it is necessary to seek additional funding for any reason, we may not be able to obtain such funding or, if funding is available, obtain it on acceptable terms. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could
be in default on such debt, and this default could cause us to be in default on our other outstanding indebtedness. 
 Conversion
of our Notes may cause dilution to our shareholders and to our earnings per share. Upon conversion of any Notes, we will deliver cash in the amount of the principal amount of the Notes and, with respect to any excess conversion value greater than
the principal amount of the Notes, shares of our common stock, which would result in dilution to our shareholders. This dilution may be mitigated to some extent by the hedging transactions we entered into in connection with the sale of the Notes.
Prior to the maturity of the Notes, if the price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price, U.S. GAAP requires that we report an increase in diluted share count, which would result in lower reported earnings per share. The price of our common
stock could also be affected by sales of our common stock by investors who view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our company and by hedging activity that may develop involving our common stock by holders of the Notes. 
 We Derive Our Revenues Primarily from a Relatively Small Number of High-Priced Systems 
 System sales constitute a significant portion of our total revenue. Our systems are priced up to approximately $6 million per unit,
and our revenues in any given quarter are dependent upon the acceptance of a limited number of systems. As a result, the inability to recognize revenue on even a few systems can cause a significantly adverse impact on our revenues for a given
quarter. 
 We Have a Limited Number of Key Customers 
 Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments and profitability. As a result, the actions of even one customer may subject us to
variability in those areas that are difficult to predict. In addition, large customers may be able to negotiate requirements that result in 
 increased costs and/or lower margins for us. Similarly, significant portions of our credit risk may, at any given time, be concentrated among a limited number of customers, so that the failure of
even one of these key customers to pay its obligations to us could significantly impact our financial results. As of June 26, 2011, three customers accounted for approximately 17%, 14%, and 10 % of accounts receivable. As of June 27,
2010, two customers accounted for approximately 24% and 22 % of accounts receivable. 
 Variations in the Amount of Time it Takes for
Our Customers to Accept Our Systems May Cause Fluctuation in Our Operating Results 
 We generally recognize revenue for
new system sales on the date of customer acceptance or the date the contractual customer acceptance provisions lapse. As a result, the fiscal period in which we are able to recognize new systems revenues is typically subject to the length of time
that our customers require to evaluate the performance of our equipment after shipment and installation, which may vary from customer to customer and tool to tool. Such variations could cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate. 
 We Depend on New Products and Processes for Our Success. Consequently, We are Subject to Risks Associated with Rapid Technological Change 
 Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop
technological advances that enable those processes. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. If new products
have reliability, quality, or design problems, our performance may be impacted by reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance of and payment for new products, and additional service and warranty expenses. We may be unable to
develop and manufacture new products successfully, or new products that we introduce may fail in the marketplace. Our failure to commercialize these new products in a timely manner could result in unanticipated costs and inventory obsolescence,
which would adversely affect our financial results. 
 In order to develop new products and processes, we expect to continue to
make significant investments in R&D and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers or other members of the industry. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the
introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Moreover, future technologies, processes or product developments may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products, or
obsolete inventory, or both. 
 We are Subject to Risks Relating to Product Concentration and Lack of Product Revenue Diversification 
 We derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from a limited number of products, and we expect our etch and clean
products to continue to account for a large percentage of our revenues in the near term. Continued market acceptance of these products is, therefore, critical to our future success. Our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash
flows could therefore be adversely affected by: 
 a decline in demand for even a limited number of our products; 
 a failure to achieve continued market acceptance of our key products; 
 export restrictions or other regulatory or legislative actions that could limit our ability to sell those products to key customer or market segments; 
 an improved version of products being offered by a competitor in the market in which we participate; 
 increased pressure from competitors that offer broader product lines; 
 technological changes that we are unable to address with our products; or 
 a failure to release new or enhanced versions of our products on a timely basis. 
 In addition, the fact that we offer limited product lines creates the risk that our customers may view us as less important to their
business than our competitors that offer additional products as well. This may impact our ability to maintain or expand our business with certain customers. Such product concentration may also subject us to additional risks associated with
technology changes. Since we are a provider of etch and clean equipment, 
 our business is affected by our customers’ use of etching and clean steps in their processes. Should technologies change so that the manufacture of semiconductor chips requires fewer etching
or clean steps, this could have a larger impact on our business than it would on the business of our less concentrated competitors. 
 Strategic Alliances May Have Negative Effects on Our Business 
 Increasingly, semiconductor manufacturing companies are entering into strategic alliances with one another to expedite the development of processes and other manufacturing technologies. Often, one of the
outcomes of such an alliance is the definition of a particular tool set for a certain function or a series of process steps that use a specific set of manufacturing equipment. While this could work to our advantage if our equipment becomes the basis
for the function or process, it could work to our disadvantage if a competitor’s tools or equipment become the standard equipment for such function or process. In the latter case, even if our equipment was previously used by a customer, that
equipment may be displaced in current and future applications by the tools standardized by the alliance. 
 Similarly, our
customers may team with, or follow the lead of, educational or research institutions that establish processes for accomplishing various tasks or manufacturing steps. If those institutions utilize a competitor’s equipment when they establish
those processes, it is likely that customers will tend to use the same equipment in setting up their own manufacturing lines. These actions could adversely impact our market share and financial results. 
 We are Dependent On a Limited Number of Key Suppliers 
 We obtain certain components and sub-assemblies included in our products from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. We have established long-term contracts with many of these suppliers. These
long-term contracts can take a variety of forms. We may renew these contracts periodically. In some cases, these suppliers have sold us products for a substantial period of time, and we expect that we and they will continue to renew these contracts
in the future or that we will otherwise replace them with competent alternative suppliers. However, certain of our suppliers are relatively new providers to us so that our experience with them and their performance is limited. Where practical, we
intend to establish alternative sources to mitigate the risk that the failure of any single supplier will adversely affect our business. Nevertheless, a prolonged inability to obtain certain components could impair our ability to ship products and
generate revenues, which could adversely affect our operating results and damage to our customer relationships. 
 Our Outsource Providers
May Fail to Perform as We Expect 
 Outsource providers have played and will continue to play a key role in our
manufacturing operations and in many of our transactional and administrative functions, such as information technology, facilities management, and certain elements of our finance organization. Although we attempt to select reputable providers and
secure their performance on terms documented in written contracts, it is possible that one or more of these providers could fail to perform as we expect and such failure could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 In addition, the expansive role of our outsource providers has required and may continue to require us to implement changes to our
existing operations and to adopt new procedures to deal with and manage the performance of these outsource providers. Any delay or failure in the implementation of our operational changes and new procedures could adversely affect our customer and/or
employee relationships, which could have a negative effect on our operating results. 
 Once a Semiconductor Manufacturer Commits to
Purchase a Competitor’s Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment, the Manufacturer Typically Continues to Purchase that Competitor’s Equipment, Making it More Difficult for Us to Sell Our Equipment to that Customer 
 Semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate wafer processing equipment into a semiconductor
production line. We believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier’s processing equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line application for an extended period
of time. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer if that customer initially selects a competitor’s equipment for the same product line application. 
 We Face a Challenging and Complex Competitive Environment 
 We face significant competition from multiple competitors. Other companies continue to develop systems and products that are competitive
to ours and may introduce new products, which may affect our ability to sell our existing products. We face a greater risk if our competitors enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers covering products similar to
those we sell or may develop, as this could adversely affect our ability to sell products to those manufacturers. 
 We believe
that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer a broad range of products, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R&D. Certain of our competitors,
especially those that are created and financially backed by foreign governments, have substantially greater financial resources and more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support resources than we do and
therefore have the potential to increasingly dominate the semiconductor equipment industry. These competitors may deeply discount or give away products similar to those that we sell, challenging or even exceeding our ability to make similar
accommodations and threatening our ability to sell those products. We also face competition from our own customers, who in some instances have established affiliated entities that manufacture equipment similar to ours. For these reasons, we may fail
to continue to compete successfully worldwide. 
 In addition, our competitors may be able to develop products comparable or
superior to those we offer or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. In particular, while we continue to develop product enhancements that we believe will address future customer requirements, we may fail in a
timely manner to complete the development or introduction of these additional product enhancements successfully, or these product enhancements may not achieve market acceptance or be competitive. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may be
unable to continue to compete successfully in our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial condition, and/or cash flows. 
 Our Future Success Depends Heavily on International Sales and the Management of Global Operations 
 Non-U.S. sales accounted for approximately 88% of total revenue in fiscal year 2011, 91% of total revenue in fiscal year 2010, and 85% of total revenue in fiscal year 2009. We expect that international
sales will continue to account for a substantial portion of our total revenue in future years. 
 We are subject to various
challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations including, but not limited to: 
 trade balance issues; 
 global economic and political conditions; 
 changes in currency controls; 
 differences in the enforcement of intellectual property and contract rights in varying jurisdictions; 
 our ability to respond to customer and foreign government demands for locally sourced systems, spare parts and services and develop the necessary
relationships with local suppliers; 
 compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting foreign operations, including U.S. export restrictions; 
 fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates; 
 the need for technical support resources in different locations; and 
 our ability to secure and retain qualified people in all necessary locations for the successful operation of our business. 
 Certain international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses from the U.S. government. Our
failure or inability to obtain such licenses would substantially limit our markets and severely restrict our revenues. Many of the challenges noted above are applicable in China, which is a fast developing market for the semiconductor equipment
industry and therefore an area of potential significant growth for our business. As the 
 business volume between China and the rest of the world grows, there is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among China, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, and the United States, that
political and diplomatic influences might lead to trade disruptions. This would adversely affect our business with China, Taiwan, Japan, and/or South Korea and perhaps the entire Asia Pacific region. A significant trade disruption in these areas
could have a materially adverse impact on our future revenue and profits. 
 We are potentially exposed to adverse as well as
beneficial movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The majority of our sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations related to certain of our revenues denominated in
Japanese yen and Euros, as well as certain of our spares and service contracts, Euro denominated expenses, and expenses related to our non-U.S. sales and support offices that are denominated in the related countries’ local currency. 
 We currently enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of the foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations on Japanese yen-denominated (“JPY”) revenue and monetary assets and liabilities, Euro-denominated (“EUR”) expenses and monetary assets and liabilities, as well as monetary assets and liabilities denominated in Swiss
francs (“CHF”) and Taiwanese dollars (“TWD”). We believe these are our primary exposures to currency rate fluctuation. We expect to continue to enter into hedging transactions, for the purposes outlined, for the foreseeable
future. However, these hedging transactions may not achieve their desired effect because differences between the actual timing of the underlying exposures and our forecasts of those exposures may leave us either over- or under-hedged on any given
transaction. Moreover, by hedging these foreign currency denominated revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities with foreign exchange forward contracts, we may miss favorable currency trends that would have been advantageous to us but for
the hedges. Additionally, we are exposed to short-term foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on non-U.S. dollar-denominated (“USD”) assets and liabilities (other than those currency exposures previously discussed) and currently we do
not enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge these other foreign currency exposures. Therefore, we are subject to both favorable and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to the extent that we transact business
(including intercompany transactions) in other currencies. 
 Our Ability To Attract, Retain and Motivate Key Employees Is Critical To Our
Success. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate key
employees. This is an ongoing challenge due to intense competition for top talent, as well as fluctuations in industry economic conditions that may require cycles of hiring activity and workforce reductions. Our success in hiring depends on a
variety of factors, including the attractiveness of our compensation and benefit programs and our ability to offer a challenging and rewarding work environment. We periodically evaluate our overall compensation programs and make adjustments, as
appropriate, to maintain or enhance their competitiveness. If we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate key employees, we may be unable to capitalize on market opportunities and our operating results may be materially and
adversely affected. 
 We Rely Upon Certain Critical Information Systems for the Operation of Our Business 
 We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems
include telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications, network communications, and e-mail. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsource providers or third
parties such as vendors and contractors. These information systems are subject to attacks, failures, and access denials from a number of potential sources including viruses, destructive or inadequate code, power failures, and physical damage to
computers, hard drives, communication lines, and networking equipment. Confidential information stored on these information systems could be compromised. To the extent that these information systems are under our control, we have implemented
security procedures, such as virus protection software and emergency recovery processes, to mitigate the outlined risks. However, security procedures for information systems cannot be guaranteed to be failsafe and our inability to use or access
these information systems at critical points in time, or unauthorized releases of confidential information, could unfavorably impact the timely and efficient operation of our business. 
 Our Financial Results May be Adversely Impacted by Higher than Expected Tax Rates or Exposure to
Additional Tax Liabilities 
 As a global company, our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic
composition of worldwide earnings and tax regulations governing each region. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and significant judgment is required to determine worldwide tax liabilities. Our
effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the split of earnings between countries with differing statutory tax rates, in the valuation of deferred tax assets, in tax laws, or by material audit assessments. These factors could
affect our profitability. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the United States, is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States. In addition, the amount of income
taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect our profitability. 
 A Failure to Comply with Environmental Regulations May Adversely Affect Our Operating Results 
 We are subject to a variety of governmental regulations related to the handling, discharge, and disposal of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals. We believe that we are generally in compliance
with these regulations and that we have obtained (or will obtain or are otherwise addressing the need for) all environmental permits necessary to conduct our business. These permits generally relate to the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes.
Nevertheless, the failure to comply with present or future regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, require us to suspend production, or cease operations or cause our customers to not accept our products. These regulations could
require us to alter our current operations, to acquire significant additional equipment or to incur substantial other expenses to comply with environmental regulations. Any failure to comply with regulations governing the use, handling, sale,
transport or disposal of hazardous substances could subject us to future liabilities. 
 If We Choose to Acquire or Dispose of Product
Lines and Technologies, We May Encounter Unforeseen Costs and Difficulties That Could Impair Our Financial Performance 
 An important element of our management strategy is to review acquisition prospects that would complement our existing products, augment
our market coverage and distribution ability, or enhance our technological capabilities. As a result, we may make acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies, or we may reduce or dispose of certain product lines or technologies
that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Managing an acquired business, disposing of product technologies or reducing personnel entail numerous operational and financial risks, including difficulties in assimilating acquired operations and new
personnel or separating existing business or product groups, diversion of management’s attention away from other business concerns, amortization of acquired intangible assets and potential loss of key employees or customers of acquired or
disposed operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve and manage successfully any such integration of potential acquisitions, disposition of product lines or technologies, or reduction in personnel or that our management,
personnel, or systems will be adequate to support continued operations. Any such inabilities or inadequacies could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 In addition, any acquisition could result in changes such as potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt
and contingent liabilities, the amortization of related intangible assets, and goodwill impairment charges, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and/or the price of our Common
Stock. 
 The Market for Our Common Stock is Volatile, Which May Affect Our Ability to Raise Capital, Make Acquisitions, or Subject Our
Business to Additional Costs 
 The market price for our Common Stock is volatile and has fluctuated significantly over
the past years. The trading price of our Common Stock could continue to be highly volatile and fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control or influence. These factors include but are not limited to
the following: 
 general market, semiconductor, or semiconductor equipment industry conditions; 
 economic or political events and trends occurring globally or in any of our key sales regions; 
 variations in our quarterly operating results and financial condition, including our liquidity; 
 variations in our revenues, earnings or other business and financial metrics from forecasts by us or securities analysts, or from those experienced by
other companies in our industry; 
 announcements of restructurings, reductions in force, departure of key employees, and/or consolidations of operations; 
 government regulations; 
 developments in, or claims relating to, patent or other proprietary rights; 
 technological innovations and the introduction of new products by us or our competitors; 
 commercial success or failure of our new and existing products; 
 disruptions of relationships with key customers or suppliers; or 
 dilutive impacts of our Notes and related warrants. 
 In addition, the stock market experiences significant price and volume fluctuations. Historically, we have witnessed significant volatility in the price of our Common Stock due in part to the actual or
anticipated movement in interest rates and the price of and markets for semiconductors. These broad market and industry factors have and may again adversely affect the price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the
past, following volatile periods in the price of their stock, many companies became the object of securities class action litigation. If we are sued in a securities class action, we could incur substantial costs, and it could divert
management’s attention and resources and have an unfavorable impact on our financial performance and the price for our Common Stock. 
 Intellectual Property, Indemnity and Other Claims Against Us Can be Costly and We Could Lose Significant Rights That are Necessary to Our Continued
Business and Profitability 
 Third parties may assert infringement, unfair competition, product liability, breach of
contract, or other claims against us. From time to time, other parties send us notices alleging that our products infringe their patent or other intellectual property rights. In addition, law enforcement authorities may seek criminal charges
relating to intellectual property or other issues. We also face risks of claims arising from commercial and other relationships. In addition, our Bylaws and indemnity obligations provide that we will indemnify officers and directors against losses
that they may incur in legal proceedings resulting from their service to Lam Research. In such cases, it is our policy either to defend the claims or to negotiate licenses or other settlements on commercially reasonable terms. However, we may be
unable in the future to negotiate necessary licenses or reach agreement on other settlements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and any litigation resulting from these claims by other parties may materially adversely affect our business
and financial results, and we may be subject to substantial damage awards and penalties. Moreover, although we have insurance to protect us from certain claims and cover certain losses to our property, such insurance may not cover us for the full
amount of any losses, or at all, and may be subject to substantial exclusions and deductibles. 
 We May Fail to Protect Our Critical
Proprietary Technology Rights, Which Could Affect Our Business 
 Our success depends in part on our proprietary
technology and our ability to protect key components of that technology through patents, copyrights and trade secret protection. Protecting our key proprietary technology helps us to achieve our goals of developing technological expertise and new
products and systems that give us a competitive advantage; increasing market penetration and growth of our installed base; and providing comprehensive support and service to our customers. As part of our strategy to protect our technology we
currently hold a number of United States and foreign patents and pending patent applications. However, other parties may challenge or attempt to invalidate or circumvent any patents the United States or foreign governments issue to us or these
governments may fail to issue patents for pending applications. Additionally, even when patents are issued, the legal systems in certain of the countries in which we do business do not enforce patents and other intellectual property rights as
rigorously as the United States. The rights granted or anticipated 
 under any of our patents or pending patent applications may be narrower than we expect or, in fact, provide no competitive advantages. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse
impact on our business. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments