Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information in this 2014 Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its business because such factors may significantly
impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. As a result of these risk factors, as well as other risks discussed in our other SEC filings, our actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking
statements. No priority or significance is intended, nor should be attached, to the order in which the risk factors appear. 
 The
Semiconductor Equipment Industry is Subject to Fluctuations and, as a Result, We Face Risks Related to Our Strategic Resource Allocation Decisions 
 The business cycle in the semiconductor equipment industry has historically been characterized by frequent periods of rapid change in demand that challenge our management to adjust spending and other
resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information
systems, procedures for training and managing our work force, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure, work force, and other components of our business on a timely basis. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during
periods of demand decline, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. 
 We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the
changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of
growth, or we may expand our capacity too rapidly and/or beyond what is appropriate for the actual demand environment. 
 Especially during transitional periods, resource allocation decisions can have a significant impact on our future performance,
particularly if we have not accurately anticipated industry changes. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges
effectively. 
 Future Declines in the Semiconductor Industry, and the Overall World Economic Conditions on Which it is Significantly
Dependent, Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Our business
depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and experiences periodic
downturns. Global economic and business conditions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times
of economic uncertainty our customers’ budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, economic
downturns can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition including, but not limited to: 
 a decline in demand for our products or services; 
 an increase in reserves on accounts receivable due to our customers’ inability to pay us; 
 an increase in reserves on inventory balances due to excess or obsolete inventory as a result of our inability to sell such inventory; 
 valuation allowances on deferred tax assets; 
 restructuring charges; 
 asset impairments including the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 a decline in the value of our investments; 
 exposure to claims from our suppliers for payment on inventory that is ordered in anticipation of customer purchases that do not come to fruition; 
 a decline in the value of certain facilities we lease to less than our residual value guarantee with the lessor; and 
 challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply. 
 Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating
results and earnings. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams, which sometimes result in restructuring charges. Even during
periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. 
 Our Quarterly Revenues and Operating Results Are Variable 
 Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, not all of which are in
our control. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of 
 future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, and a certain amount of those expenses are relatively fixed, a change in the timing of
recognition of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include, but are
not limited to: 
 economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries in general and specifically the semiconductor equipment industry; 
 the size and timing of orders from customers; 
 procurement shortages; 
 the failure of our suppliers or outsource providers to perform their obligations in a manner consistent with our expectations; 
 manufacturing difficulties; 
 customer cancellations or delays in shipments, installations, and/or customer acceptances; 
 the extent that customers continue to purchase and use our products and services in their business; 
 our customers’ reuse of existing and installed products, to the extent that such reuse decreases their need to purchase new products or services; 
 changes in average selling prices, customer mix, and product mix; 
 our ability in a timely manner to develop, introduce and market new, enhanced, and competitive products; 
 our competitors’ introduction of new products; 
 legal or technical challenges to our products and technology; 
 transportation, communication, demand, information technology or supply disruptions based on factors outside our control such as strikes, acts of God,
wars, terrorist activities, and natural disasters; 
 legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory changes (including but not limited to change in import/export regulations) or changes in the interpretation or
enforcement of existing requirements; 
 changes in our estimated effective tax rate; 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and 
 the dilutive impact of our convertible notes and related warrants on our earnings per share. 
 We May Incur Impairments to Goodwill or Long-Lived Assets 
 We review our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets
may not be recoverable. Negative industry or economic trends, including reduced market prices of our Common Stock, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates, or lack of growth in our relevant business
segments, could lead to impairment charges against our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. If, in any period, our stock price decreases to the point where our fair value, as determined by our market capitalization, is
less than the book value of our assets, this could also indicate a potential impairment, and we may be required to record an impairment charge in that period, which could adversely affect our result of operations. 
 Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience
and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. We operate in a highly competitive environment and projections of future operating result and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. Additionally, if our analysis
indicates potential impairment to goodwill one or more of our business segments, we may be required to record additional charges to earnings in our financial statements, which could negatively affect our results of operations. As a result of
historical performance and 
 growth potential, our single-wafer clean systems reporting unit may be at greater risk for goodwill impairment than our other reporting units if our actual results for this reporting unit differ
from our projections. 
 Our Leverage and Debt Service Obligations and Potential Note Conversion or Related Hedging Activities May
Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Earnings Per Share 
 As a result of the sale of our
2016 and 2018 convertible notes and the assumption of the 2041 convertible notes in connection with our acquisition of Novellus Systems, Inc. (collectively the “Notes”), we have a greater amount of debt than we have maintained in the past.
Our maintenance of higher levels of indebtedness could have adverse consequences including: 
 impacting our ability to satisfy our obligations; 
 increasing the portion of our cash flows that may have to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not be available for operations,
working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; and 
 impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial,
business, economic, regulatory and other factors. Furthermore, our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt. As a result, we may need to enter into new financing arrangements to obtain
the necessary funds. If we determine it is necessary to seek additional funding for any reason, we may not be able to obtain such funding or, if funding is available, obtain it on acceptable terms. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could
be in default on such debt, and this default could cause us to be in default on our other outstanding indebtedness. 
 Conversion of our Notes may cause dilution to our shareholders and to our earnings per share. Upon conversion of any Notes, we will
deliver cash in the amount of the principal amount of the Notes and, with respect to any excess conversion value greater than the principal amount of the Notes, shares of our Common Stock, which would result in dilution to our shareholders. This
dilution may be mitigated to some extent by the hedging transactions we entered into in connection with the sale of the 2016 and 2018 Notes or through share repurchases. Prior to the maturity of the Notes, if the price of our Common Stock exceeds
the conversion price, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles require that we report an increase in diluted share count, which would result in lower reported earnings per share. The price of our Common Stock could also be affected by sales of
our Common Stock by investors who view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our company and also by hedging activity that may develop involving our Common Stock by holders of the Notes. 
 Our Credit Agreements Contain Covenant Restrictions That May Limit Our Ability To Operate Our Business. 
 We may be unable to respond to changes in business and economic conditions, engage in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to
us, or obtain additional financing, because our debt agreements contain, and any of our other future similar agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional debt, assume obligations in connection with letters of credit, or issue guarantees; 
 create liens; 
 enter into transactions with our affiliates; 
 sell certain assets; and 
 merge or consolidate with any person. 
 Our ability to comply with these covenants is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including prevailing economic conditions. In
addition, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the Notes or our other debt, which could 
 permit the holders to accelerate such debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay such debt, which could materially and negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operation. 
 We Have a Limited Number of Key Customers 
 Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments, cash flows, collections
and profitability. As a result, the actions of even one customer may subject us to variability in those areas that are difficult to predict. In addition, large customers may be able to negotiate requirements that result in decreased pricing;
increased costs and/or lower margins for us; compliance to specific environmental, social and corporate governance standards; and limitations on our ability to share jointly developed technology with others. Similarly, significant portions of our
credit risk may, at any given time, be concentrated among a limited number of customers, so that the failure of even one of these key customers to pay its obligations to us could significantly impact our financial results. 
 We Depend on New Products and Processes for Our Success. Consequently, We are Subject to Risks Associated with Rapid Technological Change 
 Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop
technological advances that enable those processes. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. If new products
have reliability, quality, or design problems, our performance may be impacted by reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance of and payment for new products, and additional service and warranty expenses. We may be unable to
develop and manufacture new products successfully, or new products that we introduce may fail in the marketplace. The expected industry transition to a 450mm platform represents an emerging challenge for our business, and our failure to address that
transition in a timely manner with productive and cost-effective products could adversely affect our business in a material way. Our failure to commercialize new products in a timely manner could result in loss of market share, unanticipated costs,
and inventory obsolescence, which would adversely affect our financial results. 
 In order to develop new products and
processes, we expect to continue to make significant investments in R&D and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers or other members of the industry. We must manage product transitions and joint development
relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products and certain jointly developed technologies may be subject to restrictions on our ability to share that technology with other
customers, which could limit our market for products incorporating those technologies. Future technologies, processes or product developments may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products, or obsolete
inventory, or both. Moreover, customers may adopt new technologies or processes to address the complex challenges associated with next generation devices. This shift may result in a reduction in the size of our addressable markets or could increase
the relative size of markets in which we either do not compete or have relatively low market share. 
 We are Subject to Risks Relating to
Product Concentration and Lack of Product Revenue Diversification 
 We derive a substantial percentage of our revenues
from a limited number of products. System sales constitute a significant portion of our total revenue. Our systems are priced up to approximately $9 million per system, and our revenues in any given quarter are dependent upon customer
acceptance of a limited number of systems. As a result, the inability to recognize revenue on even a few systems can cause a significantly adverse impact on our revenues for a given quarter, and, in the longer term, the continued market acceptance
of these products is critical to our future success. Our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could therefore be adversely affected by: 
 a decline in demand for even a limited number of our products; 
 a failure to achieve continued market acceptance of our key products; 
 export restrictions or other regulatory or legislative actions that could limit our ability to sell those products to key customer or market segments; 
 an improved version of products being offered by a competitor in the market in which we participate; 
 increased pressure from competitors that offer broader product lines; 
 technological changes that we are unable to address with our products; or 
 a failure to release new or enhanced versions of our products on a timely basis. 
 In addition, the fact that we offer limited product lines creates the risk that our customers may view us as less important to their
business than our competitors that offer additional products. This may impact our ability to maintain or expand our business with certain customers. Such product concentration may also subject us to additional risks associated with technology
changes. Our business is affected by our customers’ use of our products in certain steps in their wafer fabrication processes. Should technologies change so that the manufacture of semiconductors requires fewer steps using our products, this
could have a larger impact on our business than it would on the business of our less concentrated competitors. 
 Strategic Alliances and
Customer Consolidation May Have Negative Effects on Our Business 
 Increasingly, semiconductor manufacturing companies
are entering into strategic alliances or consolidating with one another to expedite the development of processes and other manufacturing technologies and/or achieve economies of scale. The outcomes of such an alliance can be the definition of a
particular tool set for a certain function and/or the standardization of a series of process steps that use a specific set of manufacturing equipment; while the outcomes of consolidation can lead to an overall reduction in the market for
semiconductor manufacturing equipment as customers’ operations achieve economies of scale and/or increased purchasing power based on their higher volumes. In certain instances this could work to our disadvantage if a competitor’s tools or
equipment become the standard equipment for such functions or processes. Some semiconductor manufacturing companies are also consolidating. Additional outcomes of such consolidation may include our customers: (i) re-evaluating their future
supplier relationships to consider other competitors’ products and/or (ii) gaining additional influence over the pricing of products and the control of intellectual property. 
 Similarly, our customers may partner with, or follow the lead of, educational or research institutions that establish processes for
accomplishing various tasks or manufacturing steps. If those institutions utilize a competitor’s equipment when they establish those processes, it is likely that customers will tend to use the same equipment in setting up their own
manufacturing lines. Even if they select our equipment, the institutions and the customers that follow their lead could impose conditions on acceptance of that equipment, such as adherence to standards and requirements or limitations on how we
license our proprietary rights that increase our costs or require us to take on greater risk. These actions could adversely impact our market share and financial results. 
 We Depend On a Limited Number of Key Suppliers and Outsource Providers, and We Run the Risk That They Might Not Perform as We Expect 
 Outsource providers and component suppliers have played and will continue to play a key role in our manufacturing operations and in many
of our transactional and administrative functions, such as information technology, facilities management, and certain elements of our finance organization. These providers and suppliers might suffer financial setbacks, be acquired by third parties,
become subject to exclusivity arrangements that preclude further business with us or suffer 
 events that could interrupt or impair their continued ability to perform as we expect. 
 force majeure 
 Although we attempt to select reputable providers and suppliers, and we attempt to secure their performance on terms documented in
written contracts, it is possible that one or more of these providers or suppliers could fail 
 to perform as we expect, and such failure could have an adverse impact on our business. In some cases, the requirements of our business mandate that we obtain certain components and
sub-assemblies included in our products from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Where practical, we endeavor to establish alternative sources to mitigate the risk that the failure of any single provider or supplier will adversely
affect our business, but this is not feasible in all circumstances. There is therefore a risk that a prolonged inability to obtain certain components or secure key services could impair our ability to manage operations, ship products and generate
revenues, which could adversely affect our operating results and damage our customer relationships. 
 We Face Risks Related to the
Disruption of Our Primary Manufacturing Facilities 
 Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in just a few
locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, disruptions of our information technology resources and utility interruptions. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping
our products which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results. 
 Once
a Semiconductor Manufacturer Commits to Purchase a Competitor’s Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment, the Manufacturer Typically Continues to Purchase that Competitor’s Equipment, Making it More Difficult for Us to Sell Our Equipment to
that Customer 
 Semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate wafer processing
equipment into a semiconductor production line. We believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier’s processing equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line
application for an extended period of time. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer if that customer initially selects a competitor’s equipment for the same product line application. 
 We Face a Challenging and Complex Competitive Environment 
 We face significant competition from multiple competitors and with the pending merger of two of our largest competitors we may face increasing competitive pressures. Other companies continue to develop
systems and products that are competitive to ours and may introduce new products, which may affect our ability to sell our existing products. We face a greater risk if our competitors enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor
manufacturers covering products similar to those we sell or may develop, as this could adversely affect our ability to sell products to those manufacturers. 
 We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer a broad range of products, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in
product and process R&D. Certain of our competitors, including those that are created and financially backed by foreign governments, have substantially greater financial resources and more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and
customer service and support resources than we do and therefore have the potential to offer customers a more comprehensive array of products and to therefore increasingly dominate the semiconductor equipment industry. These competitors may deeply
discount or give away products similar to those that we sell, challenging or even exceeding our ability to make similar accommodations and threatening our ability to sell those products. We also face competition from our own customers, who in some
instances have established affiliated entities that manufacture equipment similar to ours. For these reasons, we may fail to continue to compete successfully worldwide. 
 In addition, our competitors may be able to develop products comparable or superior to those we offer or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. In particular, while
we continue to develop product enhancements that we believe will address future customer requirements, we may fail in a timely manner to complete the development or introduction of these additional product enhancements successfully, or these product
enhancements may not achieve market acceptance or be competitive. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may be unable to continue to compete successfully in our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating
results, financial condition, and/or cash flows. 
 Our Future Success Depends Heavily on International Sales and the Management of Global Operations 
 Non-U.S. sales accounted for approximately 86% of total revenue in fiscal 2014, 80% of total revenue in fiscal year
2013, and 83% of total revenue in fiscal year 2012. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a substantial majority of our total revenue in future years. 
 We are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations including, but not limited
to: 
 trade balance issues; 
 global economic and political conditions; 
 changes in currency controls; 
 differences in the enforcement of intellectual property and contract rights in varying jurisdictions; 
 our ability to respond to customer and foreign government demands for locally sourced systems, spare parts and services and develop the necessary
relationships with local suppliers; 
 compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting foreign operations, including U.S. and international export restrictions and
foreign labor laws; 
 fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to repatriate cash in a tax-efficient manner; 
 the need for technical support resources in different locations; and 
 our ability to secure and retain qualified people in all necessary locations for the successful operation of our business. 
 Certain international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses from the U.S. government. Our
failure or inability to obtain such licenses would substantially limit our markets and severely restrict our revenues. Many of the challenges noted above are applicable in China, which is a fast developing market for the semiconductor equipment
industry and therefore an area of potential significant growth for our business. As the business volume between China and the rest of the world grows, there is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among China, Taiwan, Japan, South
Korea, and the United States, that political and diplomatic influences might lead to trade disruptions. This would adversely affect our business with China, Taiwan, Japan, and/or South Korea and perhaps the entire Asia Pacific region. A significant
trade disruption in these areas could have a materially adverse impact on our future revenue and profits. 
 We are potentially
exposed to adverse as well as beneficial movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The majority of our sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily related
to revenues denominated in Japanese yen and expenses denominated in euro. Currently, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency
monetary assets and liabilities; primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany receivables and payables. In addition, we hedge certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows, primarily anticipated revenues
denominated in Japanese yen and euro-denominated expenses. We believe these are our primary exposures to currency rate fluctuation. We expect to continue to enter into hedging transactions, for the purposes outlined, for the foreseeable future.
However, these hedging transactions may not achieve their desired effect because differences between the actual timing of the underlying exposures and our forecasts of those exposures may leave us either over-or under-hedged on any given
transaction. Moreover, by hedging these foreign currency denominated revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities with foreign currency forward contracts, we may miss favorable currency trends that would have been advantageous to us but for
the hedges. Additionally, we are exposed to short-term foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on non-U.S. dollar-denominated monetary 
 assets and liabilities (other than those currency exposures previously discussed) and currently we do not enter into foreign currency hedge contracts against these exposures. Therefore, we are
subject to both favorable and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to the extent that we transact business (including intercompany transactions) for these currencies. 
 The magnitude of our overseas business also affects where our cash is generated. Certain uses of cash, such as share repurchases or the
repayment of our convertible notes, can usually only be made with cash balances and cash generated on-shore. Since the majority of our cash is generated outside of the United States, this may limit certain business decisions and adversely affect
business outcomes. 
 Our Ability to Attract, Retain and Motivate Key Employees Is Critical to Our Success 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees. This is an ongoing
challenge due to intense competition for top talent, as well as fluctuations in industry economic conditions that may require cycles of hiring activity and workforce reductions. Our success in hiring depends on a variety of factors, including the
attractiveness of our compensation and benefit programs and our ability to offer a challenging and rewarding work environment. We periodically evaluate our overall compensation programs and make adjustments, as appropriate, to maintain or enhance
their competitiveness. If we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate key employees, we may be unable to capitalize on market opportunities and our operating results may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We Rely Upon Certain Critical Information Systems for the Operation of Our Business 
 We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems
include telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications, network communications, and e-mail. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsourced providers or third
parties such as vendors and contractors. Many of these outsourced service providers, including certain hosted software applications that we use for confidential data storage, employ “cloud computing” technology for such storage (which
refers to an information technology hosting and delivery system in which data is not stored within the user’s physical infrastructure but instead are delivered to and consumed by the user as an Internet-based service). All of these information
systems are subject to attacks, failures, and access denials from a number of potential sources including viruses, destructive or inadequate code, power failures, and physical damage to computers, hard drives, communication lines, and networking
equipment. Confidential and/or sensitive information stored on these information systems could be intentionally or unintentionally compromised, lost and/or stolen. While we have implemented security procedures, such as virus protection software and
emergency recovery processes, to mitigate the outlined risks with respect to information systems that are under our control, they cannot be guaranteed to be failsafe and our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in
time, or unauthorized releases of confidential information, could unfavorably impact the timely and efficient operation of our business. 
 Our Financial Results May be Adversely Impacted by Higher than Expected Tax Rates or Exposure to Additional Tax Liabilities 
 As a global company, our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic composition of worldwide earnings and tax regulations
governing each region. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and significant judgment is required to determine worldwide tax liabilities. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes
in the split of earnings between countries with differing statutory tax rates, in the valuation of deferred tax assets, in tax laws, by material audit assessments, or changes in or expirations of agreements with tax authorities. These factors could
affect our profitability. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the United States, is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States. In addition, the amount of income
taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect our profitability. 
 A Failure to Comply with Environmental Regulations May Adversely Affect Our Operating Results 
 We are subject to a variety of governmental regulations related to the handling, discharge, and disposal of toxic,
volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals. We believe that we are generally in compliance with these regulations and that we have obtained (or will obtain or are otherwise addressing the need for) all environmental permits necessary to conduct our
business. These permits generally relate to the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. Nevertheless, the failure to comply with present or future regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, require us to suspend production, or cease
operations or cause our customers to not accept our products. These regulations could require us to alter our current operations, to acquire significant additional equipment or to incur substantial other expenses to comply with environmental
regulations. Any failure to comply with regulations governing the use, handling, sale, transport or disposal of hazardous substances could subject us to future liabilities. 
 If We Choose to Acquire or Dispose of Businesses, Product Lines and Technologies, We May Encounter Unforeseen Costs and Difficulties That Could Impair Our Financial Performance 
 An important element of our management strategy is to review acquisition prospects that would complement our existing products, augment
our market coverage and distribution ability, or enhance our technological capabilities. As a result, we may make acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies, or we may reduce or dispose of certain product lines or technologies
that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Managing an acquired business, disposing of product technologies or reducing personnel entail numerous operational and financial risks, including difficulties in assimilating acquired operations and new
personnel or separating existing business or product groups, diversion of management’s attention away from other business concerns, amortization of acquired intangible assets, adverse customer reaction to our decision to cease support for a
product, and potential loss of key employees or customers of acquired or disposed operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve and manage successfully any such integration of potential acquisitions, disposition of product
lines or technologies, or reduction in personnel or that our management, personnel, or systems will be adequate to support continued operations. Any such inabilities or inadequacies could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 In addition, any acquisition could result in changes such as potentially
dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, the amortization of related intangible assets, and goodwill impairment charges, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations and/or the price of our Common Stock. 
 The Market for Our Common Stock is Volatile, Which May
Affect Our Ability to Raise Capital, Make Acquisitions, or Subject Our Business to Additional Costs 
 The market price
for our Common Stock is volatile and has fluctuated significantly over the past years. The trading price of our Common Stock could continue to be highly volatile and fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are not within
our control or influence. These factors include but are not limited to the following: 
 general market, semiconductor, or semiconductor equipment industry conditions; 
 economic or political events and trends occurring globally or in any of our key sales regions; 
 variations in our quarterly operating results and financial condition, including our liquidity; 
 variations in our revenues, earnings or other business and financial metrics from forecasts by us or securities analysts, or from those experienced by
other companies in our industry; 
 announcements of restructurings, reductions in force, departure of key employees, and/or consolidations of operations; 
 government regulations; 
 developments in, or claims relating to, patent or other proprietary rights; 
 technological innovations and the introduction of new products by us or our competitors; 
 commercial success or failure of our new and existing products; 
 disruptions of relationships with key customers or suppliers; or 
 dilutive impacts of our Notes and related warrants. 
 In addition, the stock market experiences significant price and volume fluctuations. Historically, we have witnessed significant volatility in the price of our Common Stock due in part to the price of and
markets for semiconductors. These and other factors have and may again adversely affect the price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following volatile periods in the price of their stock, many
companies became the object of securities class action litigation. If we are sued in a securities class action, we could incur substantial costs, and it could divert management’s attention and resources and have an unfavorable impact on our
financial performance and the price for our Common Stock. 
 Intellectual Property, Indemnity and Other Claims Against Us Can be Costly
and We Could Lose Significant Rights That are Necessary to Our Continued Business and Profitability 
 Third parties may
assert infringement, unfair competition, product liability, breach of contract, or other claims against us. From time to time, other parties send us notices alleging that our products infringe their patent or other intellectual property rights. In
addition, law enforcement authorities may seek criminal charges relating to intellectual property or other issues. We also face risks of claims arising from commercial and other relationships. In addition, our Bylaws and other indemnity obligations
provide that we will indemnify officers and directors against losses that they may incur in legal proceedings resulting from their service to us. From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into
contractual relationships, including customers and suppliers, with respect to certain matters. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of
representations or covenants, other third party claims that our products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. In such cases, it is
our policy either to defend the claims or to negotiate licenses or other settlements on commercially reasonable terms. However, we may be unable in the future to negotiate necessary licenses or reach agreement on other settlements on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all, and any litigation resulting from these claims by other parties may materially adversely affect our business and financial results, and we may be subject to substantial damage awards and penalties. Moreover, although we
have insurance to protect us from certain claims and cover certain losses to our property, such insurance may not cover us for the full amount of any losses, or at all, and may be subject to substantial exclusions and deductibles. 
 We May Fail to Protect Our Critical Proprietary Technology Rights, Which Could Affect Our Business 
 Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology and our ability to protect key components of that technology through patents,
copyrights and trade secret protection. Protecting our key proprietary technology helps us to achieve our goals of developing technological expertise and new products and systems that give us a competitive advantage; increasing market penetration
and growth of our installed base; and providing comprehensive support and service to our customers. As part of our strategy to protect our technology we currently hold a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications, and we keep
certain information, processes and techniques as trade secrets. However, other parties may challenge or attempt to invalidate or circumvent any patents the United States or foreign governments issue to us, these governments may fail to issue patents
for pending applications, or we may lose trade secret protection over valuable information due to the intentional or unintentional actions or omissions of third parties, of ours or even our own employees. Additionally, intellectual property
litigation can be expensive and time-consuming and even when patents are issued or trade secret processes are followed, the legal systems in certain of the countries in which we 
 do business do not enforce patents and other intellectual property rights as rigorously as the United States. The rights granted or anticipated under any of our patents, pending patent
applications or trade secrets may be narrower than we expect or, in fact, provide no competitive advantages. Moreover, because we determine the jurisdictions in which to file patents at the time of filing, we may not have adequate protection in the
future based on such previous decisions. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 We Are
Exposed to Various Risks from Our Regulatory Environment 
 We are subject to various risks related to (i) new,
different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules and regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries that we operate; (ii) disagreements or disputes between national or regional
regulatory agencies related to international trade; and (iii) the interpretation and application of laws, rules and regulations. As a public company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of multiple jurisdictions and the rules and
regulations of various governing bodies, including those related to financial and other disclosures, corporate governance, privacy, anti-corruption, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to
governmental officials, and antitrust regulations, among others. One of these laws imposes new disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals, which may have originated from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining
countries in our products. This new requirement could affect the pricing, sourcing and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of components we use in our products. In addition, there will be additional costs associated with complying with
the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of any of the covered minerals used in our products. Our supply chain is complex, and we may be unable to verify the origins for all metals used in our products. Financial
reform legislation and the regulations enacted under such legislation have also added costs to our business by, among other things, requiring advisory votes on executive compensation and on severance packages upon a change in control. 
 To maintain high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to
comply with all evolving standards. Changes in or ambiguous interpretations of laws, regulations and standards may create uncertainty regarding compliance matters. Efforts to comply with new and changing regulations have resulted in, and are likely
to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. If we are found by a court or regulatory agency not to be in
compliance with the laws and regulations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 There Can Be No Assurance That We Will Continue To Declare Cash Dividends Or Repurchase Our Shares At All Or In Any Particular Amounts. 
 Our Board of Directors announced its plans to declare a quarterly dividend on April 29, 2014, with the first
dividend payment paid on July 2, 2014. In addition, on April 29, 2014, we announced that our Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase up to $850 million of common stock, which includes the remaining value available under
the prior authorization of $250 million. Our intent to continue to pay quarterly dividends and to repurchase our shares is subject to capital availability and, in the case of dividends, periodic determinations by our Board of Directors that cash
dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends by us. Future dividends and share repurchases may also be affected by, among other
factors: our views on potential future capital requirements for investments in acquisitions and the funding of our research and development; legal risks; stock repurchase programs; changes in federal and state income tax laws or corporate laws; and
changes to our business model. Our dividend payments and share repurchases may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends or repurchase shares at all or in any particular amounts. A reduction
or suspension in our dividend payments or share repurchase activity could have a negative effect on our stock price. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments