Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans" and "believes," among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to: IAC's future financial performance, IAC's business prospects and strategy, anticipated trends and prospects in the industries
in which IAC's businesses operate and other similar matters. These forward-looking statements are based on IAC management's current expectations and assumptions about future events, which are
inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. 
 Actual
results could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, among others the risk factors set forth below. Other
unknown or unpredictable factors that could also adversely affect IAC's business, financial condition and results of operations may arise from time to time. In light of these risks and uncertainties,
the forward-looking statements discussed in this annual report may not prove to be accurate. Accordingly, you should not
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which only reflect the views of IAC management as of the date of this annual report. IAC does not undertake to update these forward-looking
statements. 
 Risk Factors 
 Mr. Diller owns a significant percentage of the voting power of our stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over the composition of our Board of
Directors, matters subject to stockholder approval and our operations. 
 As of January 27, 2012, Mr. Diller owned 5,789,499 shares of IAC Class B common stock representing 100% of IAC's
outstanding Class B common stock and approximately 43.4% of the total outstanding voting power of IAC. As of this date, Mr. Diller also owned 705,734 vested options to purchase IAC
common stock and 300,000 unvested options to purchase IAC common stock. 
 In
addition, under an amended and restated governance agreement between IAC and Mr. Diller, for so long as Mr. Diller serves as IAC's Chairman and Senior Executive, he
generally has the right to consent to limited matters in the event that IAC's ratio of total debt to EBITDA (as defined in the governance agreement) equals or exceeds four to one over a continuous
twelve-month period. While Mr. Diller may not currently exercise this right, no assurances can be given that this right will not become exercisable in the future, and if so, that
Mr. Diller will consent to any of the limited matters at such time, in which case IAC would not be able to engage in transactions or take actions covered by this consent right. 
 As
a result of Mr. Diller's ownership interest, voting power and the contractual rights described above, Mr. Diller currently is in a position to influence, subject to our
organizational documents and Delaware law, the composition of IAC's Board of Directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, such as mergers, business combinations and
dispositions of assets, among other corporate transactions. In addition, this concentration of voting power could discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of
control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to IAC, which could adversely affect the market price of IAC securities. 
 We depend on our key personnel. 
 Our future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled individuals,
with the continued contributions of our senior management being 
 especially
critical to our success. Competition for well-qualified employees across IAC and its various businesses is intense and our continued ability to compete effectively depends, in
part, upon our ability to attract new employees. While we have established programs to attract new employees and provide incentives to retain existing employees, particularly our senior management, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to attract new employees or retain the services of our senior management or any other key employees in the future. 
 We depend upon arrangements with Google and any adverse change in this relationship could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A substantial portion of our consolidated revenue is attributable to a paid listing supply agreement with Google that expires on
March 31, 2016. Pursuant to this agreement, we display and syndicate paid listings provided by Google in response to search queries generated by users of our search services that contain
keywords selected and purchased by advertisers through Google. In exchange for making our search traffic available to Google, we receive a share of the revenue generated by the paid listings supplied
to us, as well as certain other search-related services. 
 The
amount of revenue we receive from Google depends upon a number of factors outside of our control, including the amount Google charges for advertisements, the efficiency of Google's
system in attracting advertisers and serving up paid listings in response to search queries and parameters established by Google regarding the number and placement of paid listings displayed in
response to search queries. In addition, Google makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to the advertiser) of clicks on paid listings from searches performed on our search services and
these judgments factor into the amount of revenue we receive. Changes to Google's paid listings network efficiency, its judgment about the relative attractiveness of clicks on paid listings from our
search services or the parameters applicable to the display of paid listings could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such changes could come about
for a number of reasons, including general market conditions, competition or policy and operating decisions made by Google. 
 Our
paid listing supply agreement requires that we comply with certain guidelines promulgated by Google for the use of its brands and services, including the manner in which Google's
paid listings are displayed with search results, and that we establish guidelines to govern certain activities of third parties to whom we syndicate paid listings, including the manner in which these
parties drive search traffic to their websites and display paid listings. Subject to certain limitations, Google may unilaterally update its policies and guidelines, which could in turn require
modifications to, or prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of, our products, services and/or business practices, which could be costly to address or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Noncompliance with Google's guidelines by us or the third parties to whom we syndicate paid listings or through which we secure distribution arrangements
for our toolbars could, if not cured, result in Google's suspension of some or all of its services to our websites or the websites of our third party partners, the imposition of additional
restrictions on our ability to syndicate paid listings or the termination of the paid listing supply agreement by Google. 
 The
termination of the paid listing supply agreement by Google, the curtailment of IAC's rights under the agreement (whether pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise) or the failure of
Google to perform its obligations under the agreement would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our inability to obtain a renewal of our
agreement with Google with substantially comparable economic and other terms upon the expiration of our current agreement could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. If any of these events were to occur, we may not be able to find another suitable alternate paid listings provider (or if an alternate provider were found, the economic and other terms
of the agreement and 
 the
quality of paid listings may be inferior relative to our arrangements with, and the paid listings supplied by, Google) or otherwise replace the lost revenues. 
 General economic events or trends that reduce advertising spending could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A substantial portion of our consolidated revenue is attributable to online advertising. Accordingly, we are particularly sensitive to
events and trends that could result in decreased advertising expenditures. Advertising expenditures have historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and
buying patterns, as well as levels of consumer confidence and discretionary spending. 
 Small
and local businesses with which we do business are particularly sensitive to these events and trends, given that they are not as well situated to weather adverse economic
conditions as their larger competitors, which are generally better capitalized and have greater access to credit. In the recent past, adverse economic conditions have caused, and if such conditions
were to recur in the future they could cause, decreases and/or delays in advertising expenditures, which would reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 Our success depends upon the continued growth and acceptance of online advertising, particularly paid listings, as an effective alternative to traditional, offline
advertising and the continued commercial use of the internet. 
 Many advertisers still have limited experience with online advertising and may continue to devote significant portions of their
advertising budgets to traditional offline advertising media. Accordingly, we continue to compete with traditional media, including television, radio and print, in addition to a multitude of websites
with high levels of traffic and online advertising networks, for a share of available advertising expenditures and expect to face continued competition as more emerging media and traditional offline
media companies enter the online advertising market. We believe that the continued growth and continued acceptance of online advertising generally will depend, to a large extent, on its perceived
effectiveness and the acceptance of related advertising models (particularly in the case of models that incorporate user targeting), the continued growth in commercial use of the internet
(particularly abroad), the extent to which web browsers and/or software programs that limit or prevent advertising from being displayed become commonplace and the extent to which the industry is able
to effectively manage click fraud. Any lack of growth in the market for online advertising, particularly for paid listings, or any decrease in the effectiveness and value of online advertising
(whether due to the passage of laws requiring additional disclosure and/or opt-in policies for advertising that incorporates user targeting or other developments) would have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend, in part, upon arrangements with third parties to drive traffic to our various websites and convert visitors into users and customers. 
 We engage in a variety of activities designed to attract traffic to our various websites and convert visitors into repeat users and
customers. How successful we are in these efforts depends, in part, upon our continued ability to enter into arrangements with third parties to drive traffic to our various websites, as well as the
continued introduction of new and enhanced products and services that resonate with users and customers generally. 
 For
example, we have entered into, and expect to continue to enter into, agreements to distribute Mindspark toolbars and search boxes to users through third parties. Most of these
agreements are either non-exclusive and short-term in nature or, in the case of long-term or exclusive agreements, are terminable by either party in certain specified circumstances. In addition, a few
of these agreements 
 collectively
represent a significant percentage of Mindspark's revenue. Our inability to enter into new (or renew existing) agreements to distribute Mindspark toolbars and search boxes through third
parties for any reason would result in decreases in traffic, queries and advertising revenues, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In
addition, in the case of the businesses within our Match segment, we have entered into a number of arrangements with third parties to drive traffic to our online personals websites.
Pursuant to these arrangements, third parties generally promote our services on their websites and we either pay a fixed fee when visitors to these websites click through to or register on our online
personals websites or pay a percentage of revenue we receive from such visitors who pay us subscription fees. These arrangements are generally not exclusive, are short-term in nature and are
terminable by either party given notice. If existing arrangements with third parties are terminated (or are not renewed upon their expiration) and we fail to replace this traffic and related revenues,
or if we are unable to enter into new arrangements with existing and/or new third parties in response to industry trends, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 
 In
the case of our ServiceMagic business, our ability to drive traffic depends, in part, on the nature and number of service professionals who are members of our network. While these
professionals are required to agree that they will operate in accordance with our terms and conditions, we do not enter into long-term agreements with them. In addition, a significant number of our
service professionals are sole proprietorships and small businesses, which are particularly sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as constrained liquidity and decreases in consumer spending.
As a result, our network of service professionals experiences turnover from time to time. This turnover, if significant or recurring over a prolonged period, could result in a decrease in traffic to
ServiceMagic.com and increased costs, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even
if we succeed in driving traffic to our properties, we may not be able to convert this traffic or otherwise retain users and customers unless we continue to provide quality products
and services. We may not be able to adapt quickly and/or in cost-effective manner to frequent changes in user and customer preferences, which can be difficult to predict, or appropriately
time the introduction of enhancements and/or new products or services to the market. Our inability to provide quality products and services would adversely affect user and customer experiences, which
would result in decreases in users, customers and revenues, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As
discussed below, our traffic building and conversion initiatives also involve the expenditure of considerable sums for marketing, as well as for the development and introduction of
new products, services and enhancements, infrastructure and other related efforts. 
 Marketing efforts designed to drive traffic to our various websites may not be successful or cost-effective. 
 Traffic building and conversion initiatives involve considerable expenditures for online and offline advertising and marketing. We have
made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures for search engine marketing (primarily in the form of the purchase of keywords), online display advertising and traditional offline
advertising in connection with these initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. In the case of our search engine marketing efforts, our failure to respond successfully to
rapid and frequent changes in the pricing and operating dynamics of search engines could adversely affect the placement of paid listings that appear in response to keywords we purchase, as well as
adversely affect the pricing of online advertising we purchase generally, which would increase our costs. In the case of paid advertising generally, the policies of sellers and publishers of
advertising may limit our ability to purchase certain types of advertising or advertise some of our products and services, 
 which
could affect our ability to compete effectively and, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 One
of the most cost-effective efforts we employ to attract and acquire new, and retain existing, users and customers is commonly referred to as search engine optimization,
or SEO. SEO involves developing websites to rank well within search engine results. Search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of user
searches. The failure to successfully manage SEO efforts across our businesses, including the timely modification of SEO efforts from time to time in response to periodic changes in search engine
algorithms, search query trends and related actions by providers of search services designed to ensure the display of unique offerings in search results (which actions by search service providers may
result in algorithmic listings being displayed less prominently within search engine results), could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our various websites, as well as increased costs if
we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In
addition, search engines have increasingly expanded their offerings into other, non-search related categories, and have in certain instances displayed their own integrated
or related product and service offerings in a more prominent manner than those of third parties within their search engine results. Continued expansion and competition from search engines could result
in a substantial decrease in traffic to our various websites, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, which would adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 Lastly,
as discussed above, we also enter into various arrangements with third parties in an effort to increase traffic, which arrangements are generally more cost-effective
than traditional marketing efforts. If we are unable to renew existing (and enter into new) arrangements of this nature, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of revenue would increase over the
long-term. 
 Any
failure to attract and acquire new, and retain existing, traffic, users and customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to adapt quickly enough to changing industry standards. 
 The internet and related technologies, applications and devices are characterized by evolving industry standards, coupled with frequent
and related new product and service introductions and enhancements. The development of new product and service introductions and enhancements in response to evolving industry standards requires
significant time and resources and we may not be able to adapt quickly enough (and/or in a cost-effective manner) to these changes or appropriately time the introduction of new products,
services and enhancements to the market and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In
the case of certain of our search services, third parties have introduced (and continue to introduce) new or updated technologies, applications and policies that may interfere with
the ability of users to access or utilize these services generally or otherwise make users less likely to use these services (such as through the introduction of features and/or processes that make
the access and use of these services cumbersome relative to those of our competitors). For example, third parties continue to introduce technologies and applications (including new and enhanced web
browsers) that prevent users from downloading toolbars generally and/or have features and policies that significantly lessen the likelihood that users will download our toolbars and that previously
downloaded toolbars will remain in active use. In addition, there are technologies and applications that interfere with the functionality of search boxes embedded within our toolbars and the
maintenance of home page and other settings previously selected by users. Third parties have also introduced technologies and applications that are either not compatible with (or otherwise interfere
with) the "search assistant" function embedded within our toolbars, pursuant to which our toolbars generate search results for users that receive "DNS," "404" and other errors in response to search
queries entered into search boxes embedded 
 within
our toolbars or the address bar of their web browsers. These technologies and applications adversely impact our ability to generate search queries through our toolbars, which in turn adversely
impacts our revenues. Our failure to successfully modify our toolbars and other search services in a cost-effective manner in response to the introduction and adoption of these new
technologies and applications could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore,
the continued widespread adoption of new internet and telecommunications technologies and devices or other technological changes could require us to modify or adapt our
services or infrastructures and our failure to do so could render our existing websites, services and proprietary technologies obsolete, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. For example, user and usage volumes on mobile devices, including tablets, continue to increase relative to those of personal computers. While we have developed mobile
versions of certain of our services, we have limited experience with these applications and they may not be compelling to users. In addition, in the case of certain types of mobile devices, their
lower resolution, functionality, display limitations and memory could make the use of our various services through these devices difficult or impossible. Lastly, existing agreements across our
business may need to be amended to address the provision of our services on mobile devices, which the counterparties may be unwilling to do. 
 Our estimated income taxes could be materially different from income taxes that we ultimately pay. 
 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous jurisdictions abroad. Significant judgment and estimation is
required in determining our provision for income taxes and related matters. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determinations
are uncertain or otherwise subject to interpretation. Our determination of our income tax liability is always subject to review by applicable tax authorities and we are currently subject to audits in
a number of jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax estimates and related determinations are reasonable and appropriate, relevant taxing authorities may disagree. The ultimate outcome of any
such audits and reviews could be materially different from estimates and determinations reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Any adverse outcome of any such audit or review
could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may experience operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions. In addition, some of the businesses we acquire may incur significant losses from
operations or experience impairment of carrying value. 
 We have made numerous acquisitions in the past and our future growth may depend, in part, on acquisitions. We may experience
operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions. To the extent that we continue to grow through acquisitions, we will need to: 
 We
may not be successful in addressing these challenges or any other problems encountered in connection with historical and future acquisitions. In addition, the anticipated benefits of
one or more acquisitions may not be realized and future acquisitions could result in increased operating losses, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and the assumption of contingent
liabilities. Also, the 
 value
of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired could be impacted by one or more continuing unfavorable events and/or trends, which could result in significant impairment charges. The
occurrence of any these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in various international markets, some in which we have limited experience. As a result, we face additional risks in connection with our international operations.
Also, we may not be able to successfully expand into new, or further into our existing, international markets. 
 We currently operate in various jurisdictions abroad and may continue to expand our international presence. In order for our products
and services in these jurisdictions to achieve widespread acceptance, commercial use and acceptance of the internet must continue to grow, which growth may occur at slower rates than those experienced
in the U.S. Moreover, we must continue to successfully tailor our products and services to the unique customs and cultures of these jurisdictions, which can be difficult and costly and the failure to
do so could slow our international growth and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Operating
abroad, particularly in jurisdictions where we have limited experience, exposes us to additional risks. For example, we may experience difficulties in managing international
operations due to distance, language and cultural differences, including issues associated with the establishment of management systems and infrastructures (including disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting), the staffing of foreign operations, exchange rate fluctuations and online privacy and protection of personal information. Our success in
international markets will also depend, in part, on our ability to identify potential acquisition candidates, joint venture or other partners, and to enter into arrangements with these parties on
favorable terms and successfully integrate their businesses and operations with our own. 
 A variety of new laws, or new interpretations of existing laws, could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that are costly to comply with, can result in negative publicity and
diversion of management time and effort and can subject us to claims or other remedies. Some of these laws, such as income, sales, use, value-added and other tax laws and consumer protection laws, are
applicable to businesses generally and others are unique to the type of businesses in which we are engaged. Many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related technologies
and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet and related technologies. Laws that do reference the internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their
applicability and scope remain uncertain. For example, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. Claims could be
threatened and filed under both U.S. and foreign law for defamation, libel, slander, invasion of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, copyright and trademark infringement, or other
theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and related ads, or content generated by us and our users. 
 In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for listing or linking to third party
websites that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. Those of our businesses that mention or otherwise
incorporate copyrighted material into the content they produce also rely on fair use principles, which allow limited use of copyrighted materials without having to obtain the consent of the copyright
holder, provided we satisfy certain legal criteria. Also, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act restricts the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and imposes additional
restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. In the area of data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security
breach for personal data. We face similar risks and costs as our products, services and content are offered in international markets and may be subject to additional regulations. 
 Any
failure on our part to comply with applicable laws may subject us to additional liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, if the laws to which we are currently subject are amended or interpreted adversely to our interests, or if new adverse laws are adopted, our products and services might need to be
modified to comply with such laws, which would increase our costs and could result in decreased demand for our products and services to the extent that we pass on such costs to consumers.
Specifically, in the case of tax laws, positions that we have taken or will take are subject to interpretation by the relevant taxing authorities and while we believe that the positions we have taken
to date comply with applicable law, there can be no assurances that the relevant taxing authorities will not take a contrary position, and if so, that such positions will not adversely affect us. Any
events of this nature could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or
differing views of personal privacy rights. 
 We receive, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information and other user data (including personal credit
card data) in connection with the processing of search queries, the provision of online services, transactions with users and customers and advertising on our websites. The sharing, use, disclosure
and protection of this information are governed by the respective privacy and data security policies maintained by our various businesses. Moreover, there are federal, state and international laws
regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and user data. Specifically, personally identifiable information is increasingly
subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected, processed and transmitted in
or from the governing jurisdiction. 
 There
are currently pending several bills in the U.S. Congress, which if passed could result in more onerous requirements regarding the manner in which certain personally identifiable
information and other user data will need to be stored and managed. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission released a staff report in December 2010 in which it proposed a new framework for
addressing commercial use of consumer data. Similarly, privacy laws and directives abroad, particularly in Europe, are still developing and could likewise result in onerous requirements. We could be
adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in the practices and/or privacy policies of our various businesses, which could be costly to implement, or if governing
jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that otherwise negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As
privacy and data protection have become more sensitive issues, we may also become exposed to potential liabilities as a result of differing views on the privacy of consumer and other
user data collected by our businesses. Also, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security breaches. In the case of security breaches involving personal credit card data, credit
card companies 
 could
curtail our ability to transact payments. The failure of any of our businesses, or their various third party vendors and service providers, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal,
state or similar international laws and regulations or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information or other user data could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We regard our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, patents, copyrights and other similar
intellectual property, as critical to our success. For example, the businesses within our principal reporting segments, our Search, Match and ServiceMagic reporting segments, rely heavily upon their
trademarks (primarily Ask.com and Dictionary.com, our various toolbar brands, Match.com, OkCupid.com, Meetic.com and ServiceMagic.com and related domain names and logos), through which they market
their products and services and seek to build and maintain brand loyalty and recognition. So long as these businesses continue to use these trademarks to identify their products and services and renew
related trademarks upon their expiration, they will continue to have related trademark protections indefinitely under current trademark laws, rules and regulations. 
 The
businesses within our Search segment also rely heavily upon trade secrets, primarily search algorithms through which organic search results are generated. To a lesser extent, these
businesses also rely upon patented and patent-pending proprietary technologies and processes, primarily those relating to search-related products and services, with expiration dates for patented
technologies ranging from 2017 to 2027, and copyrighted material, primarily emoticons, characters and other content that is incorporated into, and used in connection with the marketing of, toolbars
generally. 
 Our
Match segment also relies upon trade secrets and certain patent-pending proprietary technologies relating to matching process systems and related features, products and services. Our
ServiceMagic segment also relies heavily upon trade secrets, primarily the matching algorithm through which members of its network of local service professionals are matched with consumers, as well as
related patented proprietary technologies that expire in 2020. 
 We
rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect our various intellectual property
rights. For example, we have generally registered and continue to apply to register and renew, or secure by contract where appropriate, trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and
reserve, register and renew domain names as we deem appropriate. Effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which products and services are made
available and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available. 
 We
also generally seek to apply for patents or for other similar statutory protections as and if we deem appropriate, based on then current facts and circumstances, and will continue to
do so in the future. No assurances can be given that any patent application we have filed will result in a patent being issued, or that any existing or future patents will afford adequate protection
against competitors and similar technologies. In addition, no assurances can be given that third parties will not create new products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon
patents we own. 
 Despite
these precautions, our intellectual property rights may still not be protected in a meaningful manner, challenges to contractual rights could arise or third parties could copy or
otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization. The occurrence of any of these events could result in the erosion of our brand names and limitations on our ability to control
marketing on or through the internet using our various domain names, as well as impede our ability to effectively 
 compete
against competitors with similar technologies, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 From
time to time, we have been subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of trademarks, copyrights, patents
and other intellectual property rights held by third parties. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or to
determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management
and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Patent litigation tends to be particularly protracted and expensive. 
 Our success depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructure and those of third parties. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy
in our and third party information systems may affect our businesses. 
 To succeed, our systems and infrastructure must perform well on a consistent basis. From time to time, we may experience occasional
system interruptions that make some or all of our systems or data unavailable or that prevent us from providing services, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, as traffic to our various
websites increases and the number of new (and presumably more complex) products and services that we introduce continues to grow, we will need to upgrade our systems, infrastructure and technologies
generally to facilitate this growth. If we do not do so, users, customers and third parties with whom we do business may not be able to access our services on an intermittent or prolonged basis and
the quality of their experiences could be adversely affected. In addition, we could experience inefficiencies and/or operational failures in connection with these efforts, which could have the same
effect. Moreover, even if we do not encounter any inefficiencies and/or operational failures in connection with these efforts, third parties with whom we do business may not make the changes to their
systems, infrastructure and technology needed to access our services on a timely basis, if at all. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
 We
also rely on third party computer systems, data centers, broadband and other communications systems and service providers in connection with the provision of services generally, as
well as to facilitate and process certain transactions with customers. Any interruptions, outages or delays in our systems or those of our third party providers, or deterioration in the performance of
these systems, could impair our ability to provide services and/or process certain transactions with customers. Furthermore, data security breaches (as a result of the actions of hackers or
otherwise), fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and other similar events or disruptions may damage or interrupt computer, data,
broadband or other communications systems at any time. Any event of this nature could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to users
and customers. While we have backup systems for certain aspects of our operations, our systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. In
addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. 
 In
particular, our destination search websites may be adversely affected by fraudulent, surreptitious or other unwanted computer programs, applications and activity that make changes to
users' computers and interfere with the overall experience of our services, such as by hijacking queries to these websites or altering or replacing search results generated. This type of interference
often occurs without disclosure to or consent from users, resulting in a negative experience that users may associate with us. These disruptive programs and applications may be difficult or impossible
to uninstall or disable, may reinstall themselves and may circumvent efforts to block or remove them. 
 In
addition, downloadable toolbars through which we provide search services are also subject to attack by viruses, worms and other malicious software programs, which could jeopardize the
security of information stored in users' computer or in our systems and networks. No assurances can be given that our efforts to combat these malicious applications will be successful and/or that our
products and services will not have (or will not be perceived to have) vulnerabilities in this regard. 
 If
any of these events were to occur, it could damage our reputation and result in the loss of current and potential users and customers, which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations and otherwise be costly to remedy. 
 Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments