RISK FACTORS 
 Many
statements contained in this report are forward-looking in nature. See Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Form 10-K. These statements are based on current plans, intentions or expectations, and actual results could
differ materially as we cannot guarantee that we will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ are the following: 
 BUSINESS RISKS 
 Weak economic conditions continue to affect our business and we
cannot predict the future impact of such conditions. 
 The economy continues to be weak and plagued by high
unemployment. In 2011, our net revenues decreased in the low single digits as compared to 2010 when net revenues for us and the industry grew in the mid-single digits. We cannot ensure that our results of operations will not be negatively impacted
by delays or reversals in the economic recovery or by future economic downturns. A substantial majority of our revenues are generated from the sale of local and regional advertising for broadcast on our radio stations. Expenditures by advertisers
tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions through budgeting and buying patterns. The risks associated with our business will be more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by a decrease in
advertising. A decrease in advertising expenditures can have an adverse effect on our net revenues, profit margins, cash flow, and liquidity, which in turn could further impair our assets. 
 If we continue to be subject to the effects of an economic downturn, there can be no assurance that we will not experience an adverse
impact on our ability to access capital, which may be material to our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like or need to
do so, which could have an adverse impact on our capacity to react to changing economic and business conditions. 
 Our radio stations may
be adversely affected by changes in programming and competition for advertising revenues. 
 Our radio stations are in a
highly competitive business. Our radio stations compete for audiences and advertising revenues, which are our principal source of revenues within their respective markets, directly with other radio stations, as well as with other media, such as
broadcast, cable and satellite television, newspapers and magazines, national and local digital services, outdoor advertising and direct mail. Audience ratings and market shares are subject to change, and any decrease in our ratings or market share
in a particular market could have a material adverse effect on the revenue of our stations located in that market. Audience ratings and market shares could be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in the format or content of
programming (some of which may be outside of our control), personnel changes, the loss of broadcasting rights relating to a sports team, event or series of events, demographic shifts and general broadcast listening trends, among other factors.
Adverse changes in any of these areas or trends could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 While we already compete in some of our markets with other stations with similar programming formats, if another existing or new radio
station in a market were to convert its programming format to a format similar to one of our stations or if an existing competitor were to garner additional market share, our stations could suffer a reduction in ratings and/or advertising revenue
and could incur increased promotional and other expenses. Competing companies may be larger and have more financial resources than we do. We cannot be assured that any of our stations will be able to maintain or increase their current audience
ratings and advertising revenues. 
 We must respond to the increased competition for audio distribution and the rapid changes in
technology, services and standards that characterize our industry in order to remain competitive. 
 6 
 Table of Contents 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry
standards and the emergence of new media technologies and services. We may lack the resources to acquire new technologies or introduce new services to allow us to adapt and compete with these new offerings. These technologies and services, some of
which are commercial free, include the following: 
 • 
 personal digital audio devices (e.g., iPods, mp3 players, audio via WiFi, mobile phones and WiMAX); 
 • 
 national and local digital services; 
 • 
 satellite-delivered digital audio radio services; 
 • 
 audio programming by cable systems, direct-broadcast satellite systems, personal communications systems, content available over the Internet and other
digital audio broadcast formats; 
 • 
 HD Radio, which provides multi-channel, multi-format digital radio services in the same bandwidth currently occupied by traditional AM and FM radio
services; and 
 • 
 low-power FM radio, which could result in additional FM radio broadcast outlets, including additional low-power FM radio signals authorized in December
2010 under the Local Community Radio Act. 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, that competition arising
from new technologies or regulatory changes may have on the radio broadcasting industry or on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to extensive regulations and dependent on federally issued licenses to operate our radio stations and failure to comply with such regulations could damage our business. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934.
See Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting under Part I, Item 1, “Business.” We are required to obtain licenses from the FCC to operate our radio stations. Licenses are normally granted for a term of eight years and are renewable.
Although the vast majority of FCC radio station licenses are routinely renewed, we cannot be assured that the FCC will approve our future renewal applications or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications. A number of our
applications to renew our station licenses have been objected to by third parties and remain pending before the FCC. The non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of our licenses could have a material
adverse effect on us. 
 We must comply with extensive FCC regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of our radio
stations. FCC regulations limit the number of radio stations that a licensee can own in a market, which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require us to divest some radio stations. The
FCC’s rules governing our radio station operations impose costs on our operations, and changes in those rules could have an adverse effect on our business. The FCC also requires radio stations to comply with certain technical requirements to
limit interference between two or more radio stations. If the FCC relaxes these technical requirements, it could impair the signals transmitted by our radio stations and could have a material adverse effect on us. Moreover, these FCC regulations and
others may change over time, and we cannot be assured that changes would not have a material adverse effect on us. We are currently the subject of several pending investigations by the FCC, including one involving a death following a contest at one
of our stations. 
 Congress or federal agencies that regulate us could impose new regulations or fees on our operations that could have a
material adverse effect on us. 
 There has been proposed legislation in the past and there could be again in the future
that requires radio broadcasters to pay additional fees such as a spectrum fee for the use of the spectrum or a royalty fee to record labels and performing artists for use of their recorded music. Currently we pay royalties to song composers and
publishers indirectly through third parties. Any proposed legislation that is adopted into law could add an additional layer of royalties to be paid directly to the record labels and artists. While this proposed legislation did not become law, it
has been the subject of considerable debate and activity by the broadcast industry and other parties affected by the legislation. It is currently unknown what impact required royalty payments would have on our results of operations, cash flows or
financial position. 
 7 
 Table of Contents 
 The FCC has engaged in vigorous enforcement of its indecency rules against the broadcast industry,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 FCC regulations prohibit the broadcast of obscene material
at any time and indecent or profane material between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. Over the last decade, the FCC has increased its enforcement efforts relating to the regulation of indecency and has threatened on more than one occasion to
initiate license revocation proceedings against a broadcast licensee who commits a “serious” indecency violation. Congress has dramatically increased the penalties for broadcasting obscene, indecent or profane programming, and these
penalties may potentially subject broadcasters to license revocation, renewal or qualification proceedings in the event that they broadcast such material. In addition, the FCC’s heightened focus on the indecency regulatory scheme, against the
broadcast industry generally, may encourage third parties to oppose our license renewal applications or applications for consent to acquire broadcast stations. Several of our stations are currently subject to indecency-related inquiries and/or
proposed fines at the FCC’s Enforcement Bureau as well as objections to our license renewals based on such inquiries and proposed fines, and we may in the future become subject to additional inquiries or proceedings related to our
stations’ broadcast of obscene, indecent or profane material. To the extent that these inquiries or other proceedings result in the imposition of fines, a settlement with the FCC, revocation of any of our station licenses or denials of license
renewal applications, our results of operations and business could be materially adversely affected. 
 We depend on selected market
clusters of radio stations for a material portion of our revenues. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011, we
generated over 50% of our net revenues in seven of our 23 markets (Boston, Denver, Kansas City, Portland, Sacramento, San Francisco and Seattle). Accordingly, we may have greater exposure to adverse events or conditions in any of these markets, such
as changes in the economy, shifts in population or demographics, or changes in audience tastes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Impairments to our broadcasting licenses and goodwill have reduced our earnings. 
 In 2008, we reported a significant loss in our consolidated statement of operations primarily as a result of recording non-cash write-downs of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill. In 2009, 2008 and
2007, we recorded impairments to our broadcasting licenses and goodwill of $67.7 million, $835.7 million and $84.0 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2011, our broadcasting licenses and goodwill comprise 82% of our total assets. The
valuation of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill is subjective and based on our estimates and assumptions rather than precise calculations. The fair value measurements for both our broadcast licenses and goodwill use significant unobservable
inputs and reflect our own assumptions including market share and profit margin for an average station, growth within a radio market, estimates of costs and losses during early years, potential competition within a radio market and the appropriate
discount rate used in determining fair value. If events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of the broadcasting licenses and goodwill below the amount reflected on the balance sheet, we may be required to recognize
impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods. 
 The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 
 Our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our executive officers and other
key executives. We believe that the loss of one or more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our radio stations compete for creative and on-air talent with other radio stations, station groups, radio networks and other providers of syndicated media as well as other media, such as broadcast, cable
and satellite television, the Internet and satellite radio. Our employees and other on-air talent are subject to change, due to competition and for other reasons. Changes in on-air talent could materially and negatively affect our ratings and our
ability to attract local and national advertisers, which could in turn adversely affect our revenues. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS 
 We have substantial indebtedness which could have important consequences. 
 We have substantial indebtedness. As of December 31, 2011, we have outstanding debt as follows: (1) a senior secured credit
facility (the “Credit Facility”) of $425 million that is comprised of: (a) a $50 million revolving commitment (the “Revolver”); and (b) a $375 million term loan (the “Term B Loan”); and (2) senior
unsecured notes 
 8 
 Table of Contents 
 (the “Senior Notes”) with a principal amount of $220 million. This significant amount of debt could have an impact on us. For example, these obligations: 
 • 
 increase our vulnerability in an economic downturn, limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures and reduce our flexibility in responding to
changing business and economic conditions; 
 • 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations; 
 • 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; 
 • 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for other
purposes; 
 • 
 restrict us from taking advantage of opportunities to grow our business; 
 • 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have lower levels of outstanding debt; and 
 • 
 limit or prohibit our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions. 
 The undrawn amount of the Revolver was $39.4 million as of December 31, 2011. The amount of the Revolver available to us is a
function of covenant compliance at the time of borrowing. Based on our financial covenant analysis as of December 31, 2011, we would not be limited in these borrowings. 
 We may from time to time seek to amend our existing debt agreements or obtain funding or additional debt financing, which may result in higher interest rates. 
 We must comply with the covenants in our debt agreements, which restrict our operational flexibility. 
 Our Credit Facility, which was entered into in November 2011, and the indenture governing our Senior Notes, which were issued in November
2011, each contain provisions which, under certain circumstances, limit our ability to borrow money; make acquisitions, investments or restricted payments, including dividends and the repurchase of stock; swap or sell assets; or merge or consolidate
with another company. To secure the debt under our Credit Facility, we have pledged substantially all of our assets, including the stock or equity interests of our subsidiaries. The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the
parent and all of our existing subsidiaries. 
 These debt instruments require us to maintain compliance with specific financial
covenants. Our ability to comply with these financial covenants can be affected by operating performance or other events beyond our control, and we cannot be assured that we will comply with these covenants. A default under the indenture governing
our Senior Notes or a default under our Credit Facility could cause a cross default. Any event of default, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Specifically, our Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain
financial covenants which are defined terms within the agreement, including: (1) a maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio that cannot exceed 7.25 times through June 30, 2012 and which decreases over time to 4.5 times as of March 31, 2016
and thereafter; and (2) a minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of 1.5 times through December 31, 2012, which increases over time to 2.0 times as of September 30, 2015 and thereafter. 
 Failure to comply with our financial covenants or other terms of these financial instruments and the failure to negotiate and obtain any
required relief from our lenders could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our outstanding debt and our lenders could proceed against our assets, including the equity interests of our subsidiaries. Under these circumstances, the
acceleration of our debt could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Because of our holding company structure, we depend on
our subsidiaries for cash flow, and our access to this cash flow is restricted. 
 We operate as a holding company. All
of our radio stations are currently owned and operated by our subsidiaries. Entercom Radio, LLC (“Radio”), our 100% owned finance subsidiary, is the borrower under our Credit Facility and is the issuer of our Senior Notes. All of our
station operating subsidiaries and FCC license subsidiaries are subsidiaries of Radio. Further, we guarantee Radio’s obligations under the Credit Facility on a senior secured basis (the Senior Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured basis).
Radio’s subsidiaries are all full and unconditional guarantors jointly and severally under the Credit Facility and the Senior Notes. 
 9 
 Table of Contents 
 As a holding company, our only source of cash to pay our obligations, including corporate
overhead and other accounts payable, is distributions from our subsidiaries. We currently expect that the net earnings and cash flow of our subsidiaries will be retained and used by them in their operations, including servicing their debt
obligations. Even if our subsidiaries elect to make distributions to us, we cannot be assured that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including the dividend covenants contained in our Credit Facility, would permit such dividends or
distributions. 
 Our variable rate debt subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase
significantly. 
 Borrowings under our Credit Facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate
risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate debt could increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our debt, could
correspondingly decrease. As of December 31, 2011 and assuming all revolving loans are fully drawn, a 100 basis point increase in LIBOR rates as of December 31, 2011 would result in a $0.7 million increase in annual interest expense on our
debt (this assumes no impact from an outstanding interest rate hedging transaction). 
 In the future, we may enter into
interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. We may, however, not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate debt, and any swaps we
enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by
rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. 
 Our debt has a
non-investment grade rating, and any rating assigned could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in the rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant.
Any future lowering of our ratings would likely make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing. 
 RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMMON STOCK 
 Our Chairman of the Board and our President and Chief Executive Officer effectively control our
Company and own a substantial equity interest in us. Their interests may conflict with your interest. 
 As of
January 31, 2012, Joseph M. Field, our Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned 2,848,981 shares of our Class A common stock and 6,148,282 shares of our Class B common stock, representing approximately 64.3% of the total voting power of
all of our outstanding common stock. As of January 31, 2012, David J. Field, our President and Chief Executive Officer, one of our directors and the son of Joseph M. Field, beneficially owned 3,182,615 shares of our Class A common stock
and 749,250 shares of our outstanding Class B common stock, representing approximately 11.2% of the total voting power of all of our outstanding common stock. Collectively, Joseph M. Field and David J. Field and other members of the Field family
beneficially own all of our outstanding Class B common stock. Other members of the Field family and Trusts for their benefit also own shares of Class A common stock. 
 Shares of Class B common stock are transferable only to Joseph M. Field, David J. Field, certain of their family members or trusts for any of their benefit. Upon any other transfer, shares of our Class B
common stock automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Shares of our Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes only when Joseph M. Field or David J. Field vote them, subject to certain exceptions
when they are restricted to one vote. Joseph M. Field generally is able to control the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders and, therefore, is able to direct our management and policies, except with respect to those matters when
the shares of our Class B common stock are only entitled to one vote and those matters requiring a class vote under the provisions of our articles of incorporation, bylaws or applicable law, including, without limitation, the election of the two
Class A directors. 
 10 
 Table of Contents 
 Future sales by Joseph M. Field could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 The price for our Class A common stock could fall substantially if Joseph M. Field sells in the public market or
transfers large amounts of shares, including any shares of our Class B common stock which are automatically converted to Class A common stock when sold (as described in the above paragraph). These sales, or the possibility of such sales, could
make it more difficult for us to raise capital by selling equity or equity-related securities in the future. 
 The difficulties
associated with any attempt to gain control of our Company could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 Joseph M. Field controls the decision as to whether a change in control will occur for our Company. There are also provisions contained in our articles of incorporation, by-laws and Pennsylvania law that
could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of our Company. In addition, FCC approval for transfers of control of FCC licenses and assignments of FCC licenses are required. These restrictions and limitations could adversely
affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our stock price and trading volume could be volatile. 
 Our Class A common stock has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) since January 29, 1999. The
market price of our Class A common stock and our trading volume have been subject to fluctuations since the date of our initial public offering. The stock market has from time to time experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected
the market prices of public equities. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could experience volatility, regardless of our operating performance. 
 The volatility could also cause us not to meet the NYSE continued listing requirements, which require, among other things: (i) a minimum closing price of our common stock; (ii) a minimum market
capitalization; and (iii) a minimum stockholders’ equity and market capitalization. Delisting of our stock could reduce our liquidity and market price of our common stock. 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS