RISK FACTORS 
 Many
statements contained in this report are forward-looking in nature. See Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Form 10-K. These statements are based on current plans, intentions or expectations, and actual results could
differ materially as we cannot guarantee that we will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ are the following: 
 BUSINESS RISKS 
 Current economic growth remains slow. 
 The U.S. economy grew slowly in 2012 and unemployment remained relatively high. Our net revenues increased in the low single digits in
2012 as compared to 2011. Due to the continued uncertain pace of economic growth, we cannot predict future revenue trends. Our results of operations are likely to be negatively impacted by delays or reversals in the economic recovery or by future
economic downturns. Also, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions. The risks associated with our business will be more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by a
decrease in advertising. A decrease in advertising expenditures can have an adverse effect on our net revenues, profit margins, cash flow, and liquidity, which in turn could further impair our assets. 
 5 
 Table of Contents 
 If we were subject to the effects of an economic downturn, there can be no assurance that we
will not experience an adverse impact on our ability to access capital, which may be material to our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time
when we would like or need to do so, which could have an adverse impact on our capacity to react to changing economic and business conditions. 
 Our radio stations may be adversely affected by changes in programming and competition for advertising revenues. 
 We operate in a highly competitive business. Our radio stations compete for audiences and advertising sales, which are our principal
source of revenues, directly with other radio stations, as well as with other media, such as broadcast, cable and satellite television, newspapers and magazines, national and local digital services, outdoor advertising and direct mail. Audience
ratings and market shares are subject to change, and any decrease in our ratings or market share in a particular market could have a material adverse effect on the revenue of our stations located in that market. Audience ratings and market shares
could be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in the format or content of programming (some of which may be outside of our control), personnel changes, event or series of events, demographic shifts and general broadcast listening
trends. Adverse changes in any of these areas or trends could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 While we already compete in some of our markets with stations with similarly programmed formats, if another radio station in a market were to convert its programming format to a format similar to one of
our stations or if an existing competitor were to garner additional market share, our stations could suffer a reduction in ratings and/or advertising revenue and could incur increased promotional and other expenses. Competing companies may be larger
and have more financial resources than we do. We cannot be assured that any of our stations will be able to maintain or increase their current audience ratings and advertising revenues. 
 We must respond to the increased competition in audio content distribution and the rapid changes in technology, services and standards that characterize our industry in order to remain competitive. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and the
emergence of new media technologies and services. We may lack the resources to acquire new technologies or introduce new services to allow us to compete with these new offerings. Competing technologies and services, some of which are commercial
free, include the following: 
 • 
 personal digital audio devices (e.g., iPods, mp3 players, audio via WiFi, mobile phones and WiMAX); 
 • 
 national and local digital audio services; 
 • 
 satellite-delivered digital audio radio services; 
 • 
 audio programming by cable systems, direct-broadcast satellite systems, personal communications systems, content available over the Internet and other
digital audio broadcast formats; 
 • 
 HD Radio, which provides multi-channel, multi-format digital radio services in the same bandwidth currently occupied by traditional AM and FM radio
services; and 
 • 
 low-power FM radio, which could result in additional FM radio broadcast outlets, including additional low-power FM radio signals authorized in December
2010 under the Local Community Radio Act. 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, that competition arising
from new technologies or regulatory changes may have on the radio broadcasting industry or on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to extensive regulations and are dependent on federally issued licenses to operate our radio stations. Failure to comply with such regulations could damage our business. 
 The radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934.
See Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting under Part I, Item 1, “Business.” We are required to obtain licenses from the FCC to operate our radio stations. Licenses are normally granted for a term of eight years and are renewable.
Although the vast majority of FCC radio station licenses are routinely renewed, we cannot be assured that the FCC will approve our future renewal applications or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications. A number of our
applications to renew our station licenses have been objected to by third parties and remain pending before the FCC. The non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of our licenses could have a material
adverse effect on us. 
 6 
 Table of Contents 
 We must comply with extensive FCC regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of
our radio stations. FCC regulations limit the number of radio stations that a licensee can own in a market, which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require us to divest some radio
stations. The FCC’s rules governing our radio station operations impose costs on our operations, and changes in those rules could have an adverse effect on our business. The FCC also requires radio stations to comply with certain technical
requirements to limit interference between two or more radio stations. If the FCC relaxes these technical requirements, it could impair the signals transmitted by our radio stations and could have a material adverse effect on us. Moreover, these FCC
regulations may change over time, and we cannot be assured that changes would not have a material adverse effect on us. We are currently the subject of several pending investigations by the FCC, including one involving a death following a contest at
one of our stations. 
 Congress or federal agencies that regulate us could impose new regulations or fees on our operations that could
have a material adverse effect on us. 
 There has been proposed legislation in the past and there could be again in the
future that requires radio broadcasters to pay additional fees such as a spectrum fee for the use of the spectrum or a royalty fee to record labels and performing artists for use of their recorded music. Currently we pay royalties to song composers
and publishers indirectly through third parties. Any proposed legislation that is adopted into law could add an additional layer of royalties to be paid directly to the record labels and artists. While this proposed legislation did not become law,
it has been the subject of considerable debate and activity by the broadcast industry and other parties affected by the legislation. It is currently unknown what impact any potential required royalty payments would have on our results of operations,
cash flows or financial position. 
 The FCC has engaged in vigorous enforcement of its indecency rules against the broadcast industry,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 FCC regulations prohibit the broadcast of obscene
material at any time and indecent or profane material between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. Over the last decade, the FCC has increased its enforcement efforts relating to the regulation of indecency and has threatened on more than one
occasion to initiate license revocation proceedings against a broadcast licensee who commits a “serious” indecency violation. Congress has dramatically increased the penalties for broadcasting obscene, indecent or profane programming, and
these penalties may potentially subject broadcasters to license revocation, renewal or qualification proceedings in the event that they broadcast such material. In addition, the FCC’s heightened focus on the indecency regulatory scheme, against
the broadcast industry generally, may encourage third parties to oppose our license renewal applications or applications for consent to acquire broadcast stations. Several of our stations are currently subject to indecency-related inquiries and/or
proposed fines at the FCC’s Enforcement Bureau as well as objections to our license renewals based on such inquiries and proposed fines, and we may in the future become subject to additional inquiries or proceedings related to our
stations’ broadcast of obscene, indecent or profane material. To the extent that these inquiries or other proceedings result in the imposition of fines, a settlement with the FCC, revocation of any of our station licenses or denials of license
renewal applications, our results of operations and business could be materially adversely affected. 
 We depend on selected market
clusters of radio stations for a material portion of our revenues. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2012, we
generated over 50% of our net revenues in seven of our 23 markets, which were Boston, Denver, Kansas City, Portland, Sacramento, San Francisco and Seattle. Accordingly, we may have greater exposure to adverse events or conditions in any of these
markets, such as changes in the economy, shifts in population or demographics, or changes in audience tastes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 7 
 Table of Contents 
 Impairments to our broadcasting licenses and goodwill have reduced our earnings. 
 Over the past several years, we have incurred impairment losses in our consolidated statement of operations primarily as a result of
recording non-cash write-downs of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill. In 2012, 2009 and 2008, we recorded impairments to our broadcasting licenses and goodwill of $22.3 million, $67.7 million and $835.7 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2012, our broadcasting licenses and goodwill comprise 83% of our total assets. The valuation of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill is subjective and based on our estimates and assumptions rather than precise calculations. The
fair value measurements for both our broadcast licenses and goodwill use significant unobservable inputs and reflect our own assumptions including market share and profit margin for an average station, growth within a radio market, estimates of
costs and losses during early years, potential competition within a radio market and the appropriate discount rate used in determining fair value. If events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of the broadcasting licenses
and goodwill below the amount reflected on the balance sheet, we may be required to recognize impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods. 
 The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our executive officers and other key executives. We believe that the loss of one or more of these individuals could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our radio stations compete for creative and on-air talent with other radio stations,
station groups, radio networks and other providers of syndicated media as well as other media, such as broadcast, cable and satellite television, the Internet and satellite radio. Our employees and other on-air talent are subject to change, due to
competition and for other reasons. Changes in on-air talent could materially and negatively affect our ratings and our ability to attract local and national advertisers, which could in turn adversely affect our revenues. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS 
 We have substantial indebtedness which could have important consequences. 
 We have substantial indebtedness. As of December 31, 2012, we have outstanding debt as follows: (1) a senior secured credit
facility (the “Credit Facility”) of $425 million that is comprised of: (a) a $50 million revolving commitment (the “Revolver”); and (b) a $375 million term loan (the “Term B Loan”); and (2) senior
unsecured notes (the “Senior Notes”) with a principal amount of $220 million. This significant amount of debt could have an impact on us. For example, these obligations: 
 • 
 increase our vulnerability in an economic downturn, limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures and reduce our flexibility in responding to
changing business and economic conditions; 
 • 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations; 
 • 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; 
 • 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for other
purposes; 
 • 
 restrict us from taking advantage of opportunities to grow our business; 
 • 
 place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have lower levels of outstanding debt; and 
 • 
 limit or prohibit our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions. 
 The undrawn amount of the Revolver was $44.4 million as of December 31, 2012. The amount of the Revolver available to us is a
function of covenant compliance at the time of borrowing. Based on our financial covenant analysis as of December 31, 2012, we would not be limited in these borrowings. 
 We may from time to time seek to amend our existing debt agreements or obtain funding or additional debt financing, which may result in higher interest rates. 
 8 
 Table of Contents 
 We must comply with the covenants in our debt agreements, which restrict our operational flexibility. 
 Our Credit Facility, which was entered into in November 2011 and subsequently amended in November 2012, and the
indenture governing our Senior Notes, which were issued in November 2011, each contain provisions which, under certain circumstances, limit our ability to borrow money; make acquisitions, investments or restricted payments, including dividends and
the repurchase of stock; swap or sell assets; or merge or consolidate with another company. To secure the debt under our Credit Facility, we have pledged substantially all of our assets, including the stock or equity interests of our subsidiaries.
The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the parent and all of our existing subsidiaries. 
 These debt
instruments require us to maintain compliance with specific financial covenants. Our ability to comply with these financial covenants can be affected by operating performance or other events beyond our control, and we cannot be assured that we will
comply with these covenants. A default under the indenture governing our Senior Notes or a default under our Credit Facility could cause a cross default. Any event of default, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Specifically, our Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain financial covenants which are defined terms within the agreement, including: (1) a maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio that cannot exceed 7.00 times as of December 31,
2012, and which decreases over time to 6.5 times as of December 31, 2013 and to 4.5 times as of March 31, 2016 and thereafter; and (2) a minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of 1.5 times through December 31, 2012, which
increases over time to 2.0 times as of September 30, 2015 and thereafter. 
 Failure to comply with our financial covenants
or other terms of these financial instruments and the failure to negotiate and obtain any required relief from our lenders could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our outstanding debt and our lenders could proceed against our assets,
including the equity interests of our subsidiaries. Under these circumstances, the acceleration of our debt could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Because of our holding company structure, we depend on our subsidiaries for cash flow, and our access to this cash flow is restricted. 
 We operate as a holding company. All of our radio stations are currently owned and operated by our subsidiaries. Entercom Radio, LLC
(“Radio”), our 100% owned finance subsidiary, is the borrower under our Credit Facility and is the issuer of our Senior Notes. All of our station operating subsidiaries and FCC license subsidiaries are subsidiaries of Radio. Further, we
guarantee Radio’s obligations under the Credit Facility on a senior secured basis (the Senior Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured basis). Radio’s subsidiaries are all full and unconditional guarantors jointly and severally under the
Credit Facility and the Senior Notes. 
 As a holding company, our only source of cash to pay our obligations, including
corporate overhead and other expenses, is cash distributed from our subsidiaries. We currently expect that the majority of the net earnings and cash flow of our subsidiaries will be retained and used by them in their operations, including servicing
their debt obligations. Even if our subsidiaries elect to make distributions to us, we cannot be assured that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including the dividend covenants contained in our Credit Facility, would permit such
dividends or distributions. 
 Our variable rate debt subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to
increase significantly. 
 Borrowings under our Credit Facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to
interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations under the Credit Facility could increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our
debt, could correspondingly decrease. As of December 31, 2012 and assuming all revolving loans are fully drawn, a 100 basis point increase in LIBOR rates as of December 31, 2012 would result in a $0.5 million increase in annual interest
expense on our debt (in this assumption, a 100 basis increase in LIBOR did not impact our Term B Loan as the Term B Loan is subject to a 125 basis point minimum). 
 In the future, we may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. We may, however, not maintain
interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate debt, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 9 
 Table of Contents 
 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may
increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. 
 Our debt has a non-investment grade rating, and
any rating assigned could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in the rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. Any future lowering of our ratings
would likely make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing. 
 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMMON STOCK 
 Our Chairman of the Board and our President and Chief Executive Officer effectively control our Company and own a substantial equity
interest in us. Their interests may conflict with your interest. 
 As of January 31, 2013, Joseph M. Field, our
Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned 2,589,123 shares of our Class A common stock and 6,148,282 shares of our Class B common stock, representing approximately 63.6% of the total voting power of all of our outstanding common stock. As of
January 31, 2013, David J. Field, our President and Chief Executive Officer, one of our directors and the son of Joseph M. Field, beneficially owned 3,202,858 shares of our Class A common stock and 749,250 shares of our outstanding Class B
common stock, representing approximately 11.1% of the total voting power of all of our outstanding common stock. Collectively, Joseph M. Field and David J. Field and other members of the Field family beneficially own all of our outstanding Class B
common stock. Other members of the Field family and trusts for their benefit also own shares of Class A common stock. 
 Shares of Class B common stock are transferable only to Joseph M. Field, David J. Field, certain of their family members or trusts for
any of their benefit. Upon any other transfer, shares of our Class B common stock automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Shares of our Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes only when
Joseph M. Field or David J. Field vote them, subject to certain exceptions when they are restricted to one vote. Joseph M. Field generally is able to control the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders and, therefore, is able to
direct our management and policies, except with respect to those matters when the shares of our Class B common stock are only entitled to one vote and those matters requiring a class vote under the provisions of our articles of incorporation, bylaws
or applicable law, including, without limitation, the election of the two Class A directors. 
 Future sales by Joseph M. Field could
adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 The price for our Class A common stock could fall
substantially if Joseph M. Field sells in the public market or transfers large amounts of shares, including any shares of our Class B common stock which are automatically converted to Class A common stock when sold (as described in the above
paragraph). These sales, or the possibility of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to raise capital by selling equity or equity-related securities in the future. 
 The difficulties associated with any attempt to gain control of our Company could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 Joseph M. Field controls the decision as to whether a change in control will occur for our Company. There are also provisions contained
in our articles of incorporation, by-laws and Pennsylvania law that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of our Company. In addition, FCC approval for transfers of control of FCC licenses and assignments of FCC licenses
are required. These restrictions and limitations could adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our stock
price and trading volume could be volatile. 
 Our Class A common stock has been publicly traded on the New York
Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) since January 29, 1999. The market price of our Class A common stock and our trading volume have been subject to fluctuations since the date of our initial public offering. As a result, the market price of
our Class A common stock could experience volatility, regardless of our operating performance. 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS