PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 SAFE HARBOR CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including exhibits, contains statements that are not based on historical facts and represent forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that TDS intends, expects, projects, believes, estimates, plans or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements.  The words “believes,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “projects” and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them.  Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include those set forth below under “Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K.  Each of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on TDS; however, such factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document.  Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on future results, performance or achievements.  TDS undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K to understand the material risks relating to TDS’ business. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Intense competition in the markets in which TDS operates could adversely affect TDS’ revenues or increase its costs to compete. 
 Competition in the telecommunications industry is currently intense and could intensify further in the future due to the general effects of the economy, as well as due to multiple wireless industry factors such as increasing market penetration, decreasing customer churn rates, introduction of new products, new competitors and changing prices.  There is competition in devices and handsets; network quality, coverage, speed and technologies; distribution; pricing; and other categories.  TDS’ ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the telecommunications industry.  TDS anticipates that, in the future, competition may cause the prices for products and services to continue to decline and the costs to compete to increase.  Most of TDS’ competitors are national or global telecommunications companies that are larger than TDS, possess greater resources, possess more extensive coverage areas and more spectrum within their coverage areas, and market other services with their communications services that TDS does not offer.  In addition, TDS may face competition from technologies that may be introduced in the future or from new entrants into the industry.  New technologies, services and products that are more commercially effective than the technologies, services and products offered by TDS may be developed.  Further, new technologies may be proprietary such that TDS is not able to adopt such technologies.  There can be no assurance that TDS will be able to compete successfully in this environment. 
 Sources of competition to TDS’ wireless business typically include three to five competing wireless telecommunications service providers in each market, wireline telecommunications service providers, cable companies, resellers (including mobile virtual network operators), and providers of other alternate telecommunications services.  Many of TDS’ wireless competitors and other competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources than TDS. 
 TDS’ competitors offer a wide array of wireless service offerings and wireless devices.  There is increasing complexity associated with these wireless product and service offerings and the related pricing.  Further, new wireless services and products and pricing structures are frequently introduced.  Multiple events related to new service offerings, products and pricing offered by TDS’ competitors occurring simultaneously or in close proximity, may impact TDS’ ability to respond to such events and compete effectively. 
 Sources of competition to TDS’ wireline ILEC business include, but are not limited to, resellers of local exchange services, interexchange carriers, Regional Bell Operating Companies (“RBOCs”), satellite transmission service providers, wireless communications providers, cable companies, competitive access service providers, competitive local exchange carriers, Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) providers and providers using other emerging technologies.  In the future, TDS expects the number of its wireline physical access lines served to continue to be adversely affected by wireless and broadband substitution and by cable company competition. 
 Sources of competition to TDS’ wireline CLEC business include the sources identified in the prior paragraph as well as the ILEC in each market, which enjoys competitive advantages, including its wireline connection to virtually all of the customers and potential customers of TDS’ CLEC, its established brand name and its substantial financial resources.  TDS’ CLEC is typically required to discount services to win potential customers.  These factors result in lower operating margins for TDS’ CLEC, and make it vulnerable to any discount pricing policies that the ILEC may adopt to exploit its lower-cost structure and greater financial resources. 
 Some of the specific risks presented by certain wireline competitors include: 
 Cable companies — continued deployment of technologies such as DOCSIS 3.0 that substantially increase data transfer speeds, and offering these speeds to customers at relatively low rates, including speed upgrades for no additional charge. 
 Wireless — the trend of customers “substituting” their wireline connection for a wireless device. 
 RBOCs — continue to be formidable competitors given their full suite of services, experience and strong financial resources. 
 VoIP providers — are able to offer voice service at a very low price point. 
 Sources of competition of TDS’ HMS business primarily include large diversified telecommunications and technology companies, as well as smaller independent companies that focus on mid-market companies.  In addition, new entrants may emerge and grow rapidly creating additional sources of competition.  The IT services market is large and complex, with a diverse array of segments in which performance and market dynamics vary considerably.  As a results of these dynamics the IT services market is a highly competitive environment. 
 If TDS does not adapt to effectively compete in such a highly competitive environment, such competitive factors could result in product, service, pricing or cost disadvantages and could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A failure by TDS to successfully execute its business strategy (including planned acquisitions, divestitures and exchanges) or allocate resources or capital could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular is a regional wireless carrier that operates on a customer satisfaction strategy, seeking to meet customer needs by providing a comprehensive range of wireless products and services, excellent customer support, and a high-quality network.  U.S. Cellular seeks to operate controlling interests in wireless licenses in areas adjacent to or in proximity to its other wireless licenses, thereby building contiguous operating market areas.  U.S. Cellular relies on roaming agreements with other carriers to provide roaming capability to its customers in areas of the U.S. outside its service areas and to improve coverage within selected areas of U.S. Cellular’s network footprint. U.S. Cellular pursues a product and technology strategy which requires it to recognize product and technology advances and quickly adopt and execute rollouts of such advances.  This strategy requires U.S. Cellular to make timely and effective strategic decisions related to technological advances and related products and services, and which of these technological advances to adopt and roll out to its customers. 
 In addition, in pursuit of its business strategy U.S. Cellular is engaged in a number of multi-year initiatives including the development of a new billing and operational support system (“B/OSS”) which will include a new point-of-sale system and consolidate billing on one platform.  These multi-year initiatives involve a substantial financial commitment. 
 Further, U.S. Cellular’s strategic decisions related to the adoption of new technologies are ultimately impacted by such factors as consumer preferences for technologies and the related services and products, and original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) and standard bodies support of such technologies, including Long-Term Evolution (“LTE”), among other factors.  If U.S. Cellular’s competitors adopt new technologies faster than U.S. Cellular, then consumers who are eager to adopt new technologies more quickly may select U.S. Cellular’s competitors rather than U.S. Cellular as their service provider.  These customers who are early adopters of new technologies are often customers who generate higher average revenue per unit (“ARPU”), and to the extent that U.S. Cellular does not attract these types of customers, U.S. Cellular could be at a competitive disadvantage and have a customer base that generates lower overall ARPU relative to its competition. 
 As more fully described in the Divestiture Transaction section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, on November 6, 2012, U.S. Cellular entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with subsidiaries of Sprint Nextel Corporation.  The Purchase and Sale Agreement provides that U.S. Cellular will transfer to Sprint certain rights and assets, and Sprint will assume certain liabilities, related to U.S. Cellular’s Chicago, central Illinois, St. Louis and certain Indiana/Michigan/Ohio markets, in consideration for $480 million in cash at closing, subject to pro-rations of certain assets and liabilities.  U.S. Cellular will retain all other assets and liabilities related to the subject markets.  The transaction is subject to FCC approval, compliance with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and other conditions.  Subject to the satisfaction or (if permitted) waiver of all conditions, the transaction is expected to close in mid-2013.  The anticipated impacts of the Purchase and Sale Agreement with Sprint and related transactions are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the ability to obtain regulatory approval, successfully complete the transaction and the actual financial impacts of such transactions. 
 TDS Telecom seeks to be the preferred telecommunications solutions provider in its chosen markets for both residential and commercial customers by developing and delivering high-quality products that meet or exceed customers’ needs and to outperform the competition by maintaining superior customer service.  TDS Telecom’s residential customer strategy is to provide voice, high-speed data, and video services through value-added bundling of products.  The commercial focus is to provide advanced IP-based voice and data services, as well as information technology solutions.  In addition, TDS Telecom seeks to grow through strategic acquisitions.  TDS Telecom is actively investing in the continuing transformation of its networks as it works to deploy advanced technologies and new services. TDS Telecom seeks to capitalize on its strong local presence and strives to champion economic development in its communities by actively advocating with respect to state and federal regulatory frameworks that would enable its operations to grow profitably and continue to meet customer expectations for new and improved services. 
 TDS HMS’ business development strategy is to increase its presence in the IT infrastructure and application outsourcing and solution provider market through organic growth, expansion or acquisition.  TDS HMS’ service platform with coverage across all of its products categories provides the potential for expansion of current products and services to additional markets in or near TDS HMS’ current footprint. TDS HMS may continue to make opportunistic acquisitions of companies that further strengthen its operating market areas and enter additional attractive markets. 
 As described in Note 20 — Subsequent Events in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, on February 25, 2013, TDS entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Baja Broadband, LLC (“Baja”), a cable company, to acquire substantially all of the assets of Baja for $267.5 million in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment.  The transaction is subject to governmental regulatory approvals, compliance with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and other conditions.  Subject to the satisfaction or (if permitted) waiver of all conditions, the transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2013.  The anticipated impacts of the Asset Purchase Agreement with Baja and related transactions are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the ability to obtain regulatory approval, successfully complete the transaction and the actual financial impacts of such transactions.  TDS may also acquire additional cable companies.  Although similar to some of the other services that TDS provides, TDS has limited recent experience in operating cable companies.  Cable involves different technical, regulatory, business and other factors.   There can be no assurance that TDS will be able to successfully integrate and operate this new business. 
 The successful execution of strategies, the optimal allocation within TDS’ portfolio of assets and optimal capital allocation decisions depend on various internal and external factors, many of which are not in TDS’ control.  TDS’ ability to implement and execute its business strategies and optimally allocate its assets and capital and, as a result, achieve desired financial results, could be affected by such factors.  Such factors include pricing practices by competitors, relative scale, purchasing power, roaming and other strategic agreements, wireless device availability, timing of introduction of wireless devices and other factors.  In addition, there is no assurance that U.S. Cellular’s multi-year initiatives, TDS Telecom’s telecommunications operations’ cost-reduction or customer-retention programs or TDS HMS’ organic growth, expansion and acquisition strategy will be successful.  Even if TDS executes its business strategies as intended, such strategies may not be successful in the long term to profitably sustain growth in revenues or otherwise. 
 A failure by TDS to execute its business strategies successfully or to allocate resources or capital optimally could have an adverse effect on TDS’ businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A failure by TDS’ service offerings to meet customer expectations could limit TDS’ ability to attract and retain customers and could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Customer acceptance of the telecommunications and IT services that TDS offers is and will continue to be affected by technology and the range of device and service-based differences from competition and by the operational performance, quality, reliability, and coverage of TDS’ networks.  TDS may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers if it is unable to meet customer expectations for a range of services, such as wireless device selection by U.S. Cellular and easy access to a broad variety of applications, or if it is otherwise unable to resolve quality issues relating to its networks, billing systems, or customer care.  Any of these issues may limit TDS’ ability to expand its network capacity or customer base, or otherwise place TDS at a competitive disadvantage to other service providers in its markets.  The levels of customer demand for any TDS next-generation services and products are uncertain.  Customer demand could be impacted by differences in the types of services offered, service content, technology, footprint and service areas, network quality, customer perceptions, customer care levels and rate plans. 
 TDS’ system infrastructure may not be capable of supporting changes in technologies and services expected by customers, which could result in lost customers and revenues. 
 The telecommunications industry and IT services industry are experiencing significant changes in technologies and services expected by customers.  Future technological changes or advancements may enable other technologies to equal or exceed TDS’ current levels of service and render its system infrastructure obsolete.  New technologies or services often render existing technology products, services or infrastructure obsolete, too costly or otherwise unmarketable. TDS’ system infrastructure may not be able to accommodate new product features and functionality, new reporting requirements, new capacity requirements or deployment of complex next generation services.  If TDS is unable to meet future advances in or changes in competing technologies on a timely basis, or at an acceptable cost, it may not be able to compete effectively with other carriers, which could result in lost customers and revenues.  This could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 An inability to obtain or maintain roaming arrangements with other carriers on terms that are acceptable to TDS could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS’ wireless customers can access another carrier’s digital system automatically only if the other carrier allows TDS’ customers to roam on its network.  TDS relies on roaming agreements with other carriers to provide roaming capability to its customers in areas of the U.S., Mexico and Canada outside of its service areas and to improve coverage within selected areas of TDS’ network footprint.  Such agreements cover traditional voice services as well as data services, which are an area of strong growth for TDS and other carriers.  Although TDS currently has long-term roaming agreements with certain other carriers, these agreements generally are subject to renewal and termination if certain events occur.  FCC rules require wireless carriers to offer some roaming arrangements to other carriers on reasonable terms and conditions. However, carriers frequently disagree on what constitutes reasonable terms and conditions.  Pursuant to FCC orders issued in 2007 and 2011, commercial mobile service providers are required to provide automatic roaming voice and data services to other providers on just, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms.  In December 2012, the data roaming requirement was upheld by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Grant against an appeal filed by Verizon Wireless.  The FCC will, however, determine what is just and reasonable on a case by case basis, taking into account the totality of circumstances.  As yet, the FCC has not issued any rulings concerning these requirements.  At this time, there is no assurance that TDS will be able to enter into agreements to provide roaming services using 4G LTE or other technologies or that it will be able to do so on reasonable or cost effective terms. 
 Some competitors may be able to obtain lower roaming rates than TDS is able to obtain because they have larger call volumes or may be able to reduce roaming charges by providing service principally over their own networks.  In addition, the quality of service that a wireless carrier delivers during a roaming call may be inferior to the quality of service TDS provides, the price of a roaming call may not be competitive with prices of other wireless carriers for such call, and TDS’ customers may not be able to use some of the advanced features, such as voicemail notification or data applications, that TDS customers enjoy when making calls on TDS’ network.  TDS’ rate of adoption of new technologies, such as those enabling high-speed data services, could affect its ability to enter into or maintain roaming agreements with other carriers.  In addition, TDS’ wireless technology may not be compatible with technologies used by other carriers, which may limit the ability of TDS to enter into voice or data roaming agreements with such other carriers.  TDS’ roaming partners could switch their business to new operators or, over time, to their own networks.  Changes in roaming usage patterns, rates for roaming minutes or data usage or relationships with carriers whose customers generate roaming minutes or data use on TDS’ network could have an adverse effect on TDS’ revenues and revenue growth. 
 To the extent that TDS’ key roaming partners expand their networks in TDS’ service areas, the roaming arrangements between TDS and these key roaming partners could become less strategic to such key roaming partners.  That is, these key roaming partners will have fewer or less extensive geographic areas where roaming services are required by their customers and, as a result, the roaming arrangements could become less critical to serving their customer base.  This presents a risk to TDS in that, to the extent TDS is not able to enter into economically viable roaming arrangements with key roaming partners, this could impact TDS’ ability to service its customers in geographic areas where TDS does not have its own network. 
 If TDS is unable to obtain or maintain roaming agreements with other wireless carriers that contain pricing and other terms that are competitive and acceptable to TDS, and that satisfy TDS’ quality and interoperability requirements, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 TDS currently receives a significant amount of roaming revenues from its wireless business.  Further consolidation within the wireless industry, continued network build-outs by other wireless carriers and/or the inability to negotiate 4G LTE roaming agreements with other operators could cause roaming revenues to decline from current levels, which would have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 TDS’ revenues include roaming revenues related to the use of TDS’ network by other wireless carriers’ customers who travel within TDS’ coverage areas.  Changes in the network footprints of carriers due to mergers, acquisitions or network expansions could have an adverse effect on TDS’ roaming revenues.  For example, consolidation among other carriers which have network footprints that currently overlap TDS’ network could decrease the amount of roaming revenues for TDS.  In 2012, U.S. Cellular launched services based on 4G LTE technology in conjunction with King Street Wireless L.P.  As of December 31, 2012, U.S. Cellular deployed 4G LTE technology that covered approximately 61% of its postpaid customers and anticipates further expansion in 2013.  Further industry consolidation, network expansions by other wireless carriers or the inability to negotiate 4G roaming agreements with other operators could cause current roaming revenues to decline, which would have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A failure by TDS to obtain access to adequate radio spectrum to meet current or anticipated future needs and/or to accurately predict future needs for radio spectrum could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS’ wireless business depends on the ability to use portions of the radio spectrum licensed by the FCC.  TDS could fail to obtain access to sufficient spectrum capacity in new or existing critical markets, whether through FCC auctions or other transactions, in order to meet the anticipated spectrum requirements associated with increased demand for existing services, especially increases in customer demand for data services, and to enable deployment of next-generation services.  TDS believes that this increased demand for data services reflects a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future; as such, TDS could fail to accurately forecast its future spectrum requirements considering changes in customer usage patterns, technology requirements and the expanded demands of new services.  Such a failure could have an adverse impact on the quality of TDS’ services or TDS’ ability to roll out such future services in some markets, or could require that TDS curtail existing services in order to make spectrum available for next-generation services.  Spectrum constrained providers could be effectively capped in increasing market share.  As spectrum constrained providers gain customers, they use up their network capacity.  Since they lack spectrum, they can respond to demand only by adding cell sites, which is capital intensive, limited by zoning considerations, and ultimately may not be cost effective.  TDS may acquire access to spectrum through a number of alternatives, including participation in spectrum auctions, partnering on a non-controlling basis with other auction applicants (“Other Applicants”) and other acquisitions and exchanges.  As required by law, the FCC has conducted auctions for licenses to use some parts of the radio spectrum.  The decision to conduct auctions, and the determination of what spectrum frequencies will be made available for auction, are made by the FCC pursuant to laws that they administer.  The FCC may not be able to allocate spectrum sufficient to meet the demands of all those wishing to obtain licenses for new market entry or to expand their spectrum holdings to meet the expanding demand for data services or to address other spectrum constraints.  TDS or Other Applicants may not be successful in FCC auctions in obtaining the spectrum that either believes is necessary to implement its business and technology strategies.  In addition, newly auctioned spectrum may not be compatible with existing spectrum, and vendors may not create suitable products to use such spectrum.  Further, access to use spectrum won in FCC auctions may not be available on a timely basis.  Such access is dependent upon the FCC actually granting licenses won in the various auctions, which can be delayed for various reasons, including the possible need for the FCC to transition current users of spectrum to other portions of the radio spectrum.  TDS also may seek to acquire radio spectrum through purchases and exchanges with other spectrum licensees.  However, TDS may not be able to acquire sufficient spectrum through these types of transactions, and TDS may not be able to complete any of these transactions on favorable terms. 
 To the extent conducted by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), TDS is likely to participate in FCC auctions of additional spectrum in the future as an applicant or as a noncontrolling partner in another auction applicant and, during certain periods, will be subject to the FCC’s anti-collusion rules, which could have an adverse effect on TDS. 
 From time to time, the FCC conducts auctions through which additional spectrum is made available for the provision of wireless services.  TDS has participated in such auctions in the past and is likely to participate in other auctions conducted by the FCC in the future as an applicant or as a non-controlling partner in another auction applicant.  FCC anti-collusion rules place certain restrictions on business communications and disclosures by participants in an FCC auction.  These anti-collusion rules may restrict the normal conduct of TDS’ business and/or disclosures by TDS relating to an FCC auction, which could last three to six months or more.  The restrictions could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in the regulatory environment or a failure by TDS to timely or fully comply with any applicable regulatory requirements could adversely affect TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS’ operations are subject to varying degrees of regulation by the FCC, state public utility commissions and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies.  Adverse decisions or increased regulation by these regulatory bodies could negatively impact TDS’ operations by, among other things, increasing TDS’ costs of doing business, permitting greater competition or limiting TDS’ ability to engage in certain sales or marketing activities.  New regulatory mandates or enforcement may require unexpected or changed capital investment, lost revenues, changes in operations or other changes. 
 TDS’ wireless business requires licenses granted by the FCC to provide wireless telecommunications services.  Typically, such licenses are issued for an initial ten-year term and may be renewed for additional ten-year terms, subject to FCC approval of the renewal applications.  Failure to comply with FCC requirements in a given service area could result in the revocation of TDS’ license for that area or in the imposition of fines.  Court decisions and rulemakings could have a substantial impact on TDS’ wireless operations, including rulemakings on intercarrier access compensation and universal service.  Litigation and different objectives among federal and state regulators could create uncertainty and delay TDS’ ability to respond to new regulations.  TDS is unable to predict the future actions of the various regulatory bodies that govern TDS, but such actions could have adverse effects on TDS’ wireless business. 
 TDS’ wireline operations are subject to varying degrees of regulation by the FCC, state public utility commissions and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies.  Adverse decisions or increased regulation by these regulatory bodies could negatively impact TDS’ operations by, among other things, increasing TDS’ costs of doing business, permitting greater competition or limiting TDS’ ability to engage in certain sales or marketing activities.  TDS is unable to predict the future actions of the various regulatory bodies that govern TDS, but such actions could have adverse effects on TDS’ wireline business. 
 TDS’ ILECs have been granted permission to operate by each of the states in which they operate.  TDS is subject to regulation from the regulatory commissions in each of these states as well as from the FCC.  State regulatory commissions have primary jurisdiction over local and intrastate rates that TDS charges customers, including, without limitation, other telecommunications companies, and service quality standards.  The FCC has primary jurisdiction over the interstate access rates that TDS charges other telecommunications companies that use TDS’ network and other issues related to interstate service.  TDS receives a substantial amount of its ILEC revenues from interexchange carriers for providing access to its network and from compensation from the USF and other support funds.  Future revenues, costs, and capital investment in TDS’ wireline business could be adversely affected by material changes to these regulations including but not limited to changes in intercarrier compensation, state and federal universal service support, and the treatment of VoIP traffic. 
 Although TDS’ CLECs are not subject to regulatory review in the same way as the ILECs, the viability of their business model depends on FCC and state regulations.  Court decisions and regulatory developments relating to unbundled network elements (“UNEs”) and access and transport options could negatively affect the CLEC’s ability to obtain access to certain local networks or to provide broadband services to end users and/or could increase the CLEC’s cost of providing some services.  As a result of certain court decisions and regulatory developments, TDS has phased-out most of its CLEC operations that relied on an unbundled network element-platform provided by incumbent carriers.  Moreover, the further loss of some access and transport options as a result of future developments would be unfavorable for TDS’ CLEC operations and could negatively affect their ability to provide broadband services to end users. 
 In March 2010, the FCC released its National Broadband Plan (the “Plan”) which describes the FCC’s goals for enhancing broadband availability and the methods for achieving those goals over the next decade.  The FCC notes that about one-half of the Plan will be addressed by the FCC, while the remainder would be addressed by Congress, the Executive Branch and state and local governments working closely with private and non-profit sectors.  TDS cannot predict the outcome of these deliberations or what effects any final rules, regulations or laws may have on its ability to compete in the provision of wireline and wireless broadband services to its customer base. Changes in regulation or the amount or distribution of USF funds to U.S. Cellular, TDS Telecom and other telecommunications service providers could impact competition in certain of U.S. Cellular’s and TDS Telecom’s service areas, and could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In 2009, the FCC initiated a rulemaking proceeding designed to codify its existing “Net Neutrality” principles and impose new requirements that could have the effect of restricting the ability of wireless internet service providers to manage applications and content that traverse their networks.  In December 2010, after a lengthy proceeding, which considered different approaches, including the “reclassification” of internet access as “common carrier” service under Title II of the Communications Act, the FCC adopted a net neutrality rule based on its Title I “ancillary” authority to enforce different parts of the Communications Act, which rule is now in effect. The rule requires all providers of broadband internet access, including both fixed (that is, telephone and cable) and wireless providers, to publicly disclose accurate information regarding their network management practices, performance and commercial terms sufficient for consumers to make informed choices regarding the use of such services. The rule also prohibits all internet providers from blocking consumers’ access to lawful websites, subject to reasonable network management, and from blocking applications that compete with the provider’s voice or video telephony services, also subject to reasonable network management. The rule subjects the providers of fixed but not wireless broadband internet access to a prohibition on “unreasonable discrimination” in transmitting internet traffic over their networks, also subject to reasonable network management. The exemption of wireless providers from this part of the rule reflects a recognition of the capacity constraints and other “special conditions” under which mobile broadband service is offered and the competitive nature of evolving wireless networks. Thus, the FCC at this time considered it appropriate to take only the “measured steps” with respect to mobile broadband service reflected in the rule. The order is controversial and has been challenged in the courts.  TDS cannot predict the outcome of such cases. 
 In 2010, Congress enacted the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act (“CVAA”), to ensure that people with disabilities have access to “advanced communications services” (“ACS”). The CVAA is currently the subject of two FCC rulemakings. The first deals with access to ACS generally and specifically with access to mobile “browsers” by persons who are blind or who have visual impairments. The second deals with the closed captioning obligations of wireless manufacturers and wireless providers. There are also recordkeeping and reporting requirements, which come into effect in March and April of 2013, respectively. As of October 1, 2013, a mobile phone manufacturer that includes a browser in its device or a mobile phone provider such as TDS that sells a mobile phone which includes such a browser must ensure that the browser functions are accessible to and usable by individuals who are blind or who have a visual impairment, unless doing so is not achievable. As of January 1, 2014, wireless carriers will be required to deliver all programming received from a video programming owner or other origination source containing closed captioning with the original closed captioning data intact, unless such programming is recaptioned or the captions are reformatted by the programming distributor. TDS is working with its trade association, with standards setting organizations and with its vendors to comply with these requirements. However, its ability to comply is uncertain, and a failure to comply would have an adverse effect on its business owing to possible FCC forfeitures. 
 TDS HMS is subject to varying degrees of regulation in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates.  Federal, state, and local laws and regulations and their interpretation and enforcement may be applicable and may differ significantly among those jurisdictions.  These regulations and laws may cover taxation, privacy, data protection, copyrights and other intellectual property, electronic communications and regulations applicable to electronic products and services.  These laws can be costly to comply with, can be a significant diversion to management’s time and effort, and can subject TDS to claims or other remedies, as well as negative publicity.  Many of these laws were adopted prior to technological developments in the IT services industry and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues that such industry and related technologies produce.  Some of the laws that do reference such industry and related technologies have been and continue to be interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain largely uncertain. 
 TDS’ operations are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. TDS’ operations involve the use of materials such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions and other materials. Unexpected events, equipment malfunctions and human error, among other factors, can lead to violations of environmental laws, regulations or permits. To the extent any hazardous substances or any other substance or material must be cleaned up or removed from TDS property or property leased by TDS, it may be responsible under applicable laws, regulations or leases for the removal or cleanup of such substances or materials, the cost of which could be substantial. 
 Fluctuations in the price of power can increase the cost of energy used by TDS’ businesses. Federal legislative proposals have been considered that would, if adopted, implement various forms of regulation or taxation to reduce or mitigate greenhouse gas emissions. Some states have also considered or adopted laws intended to limit fuel consumption and/or encourage the use of renewable energy for the same purpose. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could increase the costs of electricity or petroleum, and these cost increases could consequently increase TDS’ costs for electricity or emergency generator fuels. TDS could be directly subject to taxes, fees or costs, or could indirectly be required to reimburse electricity providers for such costs as a result of such regulation.  The impacts of climate change could increase costs of operation due to, for example, higher maintenance and repair costs due to extreme weather events or an increase in energy use in order to maintain the temperature of equipment used in TDS’ operations. 
 Regulations regarding the use of “conflict minerals” mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries may require TDS to take various actions.  Depending on the nature and extent of actions required to be taken by TDS, these regulations may have an adverse effect TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In addition, new or amended regulatory requirements could increase TDS’ costs and divert resources from other initiatives. 
 TDS attempts to timely and fully comply with all regulatory requirements.  However, in certain circumstances, TDS may not be able to timely or fully comply with all regulatory requirements due to various factors, including changes to regulatory requirements, limitations in or availability of technology, insufficient time provided for compliance, problems encountered in attempting to comply or other factors.  Any failure by TDS to timely or fully comply with any regulatory requirements could adversely affect TDS’ financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 10) 
 Changes in Universal Service Fund (“USF”) funding and/or intercarrier compensation could have an adverse impact on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 USF and ICC Reform Order 
 .  On November 18, 2011, pursuant to the Plan and subsequent notices of proposed rulemaking, the FCC released a Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (“Reform Order”) adopting reforms of its universal service and intercarrier compensation mechanisms, and proposing further rules to advance reform.  The Reform Order substantially revises the current USF high cost program and intercarrier compensation regime.  The current USF program, which supports voice services, is to be phased out over time and replaced with the Connect America Fund (“CAF”), a new Mobility Fund, and a Remote Area Fund, which will collectively support broadband-capable networks.  Mobile wireless carriers such as TDS are eligible to receive funds in both the CAF and the Mobility Fund, although some areas that TDS currently serves may be declared ineligible for support if they are already served, or are subject to certain rights of first refusal by incumbent carriers. 
 The FCC has determined that both wireline and wireless facilities should be supported, with one wireline carrier and one mobile carrier receiving support in each area. 
 For wireline rate of return carriers such as TDS Telecom, the Reform Order establishes a $2 billion fund that is intended to maintain existing levels of support in the aggregate while at the same time transitioning support mechanisms so that, over time, rate of return carriers receive support for the deployment of wireline broadband facilities principally through the CAF rather than through the intercarrier compensation regime.  To effectuate the first phase of this effort, the Reform Order established benchmarks that limit certain reimbursable capital and operating expenses for determining High Cost Loop Support; reduces High Cost Loop Support on a dollar-for-dollar basis where a carrier’s local rates are set below a specified urban local rate floor; phases out safety net additive support; eliminates local switching support; eliminates support for service areas that overlap with the service areas of others; and imposes a $250 absolute cap on per line support.  Although the Reform Order is intended to permit rate of return carriers to recover any lost support through the explicit support mechanism in the CAF, it remains unclear whether the CAF will provide TDS Telecom with the same level of support over time that TDS Telecom receives today. 
 TDS’ wireless operations will be subject to a different funding mechanism, the Mobility Fund, which will be implemented in two phases.  The Phase I Mobility Fund is providing one-time funding through a reverse auction to fill in coverage in “dead zones” that currently lack “3G” wireless service.  In Phase I, $300 million has been allocated throughout the country and an additional $50 million has been set aside for tribal lands.  The Phase II Mobility Fund will have a budget of up to $500 million per year (up to $100 million of which is reserved for tribal lands), with the method of disbursement to be determined in a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (“FNPRM”).  Phase II funding will be provided to areas that lack “4G” wireless service.  The CAF will support service to homes, businesses, and anchor institutions, using any technology that can meet the technical requirements. 
 The terms and rules for participating in the CAF for wireless ETCs have not been developed yet by the FCC.  It is uncertain whether TDS will obtain support through any of these replacement mechanisms to the current USF funding regime.  If TDS is successful in obtaining support, it will be required to meet certain regulatory conditions to obtain and retain the right to receive support including, for example, allowing other carriers to collocate on TDS’ towers, allowing voice and data roaming on U.S. Cellular’s network, and submitting various reports and certifications to retain eligibility each year.  It is possible that additional regulatory requirements will be imposed pursuant to the FCC’s Reform Order. 
 On September 27, 2012, the FCC conducted a single round, sealed bid, reverse auction to award up to $300 million in one-time Mobility Fund Phase I support to successful bidders that commit to provide 3G, or better, wireless service in areas designated as unserved by the FCC.  This auction was designated by the FCC as Auction 901.  As announced on October 3, 2012, TDS and several of its wholly-owned subsidiaries participated in Auction 901. TDS and its subsidiaries were winning bidders in eligible areas within 10 states and will receive up to $40.1 million in support from the Mobility Fund.  As part of the auction rules, winning bidders must complete network build-out projects to provide 3G or 4G service to these areas within two or three years, respectively, and must also make their networks available to other providers for roaming.  Winning bidders will receive support funding primarily upon achievement of coverage milestones defined in the auction rules. 
 Current USF support for TDS’ wireless operations is scheduled to be phased down. Support for 2012 (excluding certain adjustments) was frozen on January 1, 2012 using support for 2011 as a baseline and was reduced by 20% starting in July 2012.  The reduction in USF support that TDS otherwise would have received in 2012 was approximately $16 million.  Support will be further reduced by 20% in July of each subsequent year; however, if the Phase II Mobility Fund is not operational by July 2014, the phase down will halt at that time and U.S. Cellular will receive 60% of its baseline support until the Phase II Mobility Fund is operational. 
 With respect to intercarrier compensation, the Reform Order provides for a reduction in the charges that TDS pays to wireline phone companies to transport and terminate calls that originate on TDS’ network, which will reduce TDS’ operating expenses.  However, TDS also receives revenue from other carriers to transport and terminate calls that originate on those carriers’ networks.  As a general matter, the amount and timeframe for these reductions will depend on the nature of the traffic at issue.  In some cases, such as with the exchange of traffic between wireline and wireless providers, the reduction is scheduled to occur quickly, whereas in other cases, such as with the exchange of traffic between wireline rate of return carriers, the reduction is scheduled to occur over a period of time.  The fundamental goal of the Reform Order is to, over time, transition all intercarrier compensation to a default “bill and keep” arrangement so that, in the absence of some commercial arrangement, support for the deployment of broadband services is based solely on funds received from the CAF.  As reductions in intercarrier charges increase over the next five to ten years, TDS’ related revenues and operating expenses are expected to decline.  The Reform Order was accompanied by a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking comment on a range of additional proposals.  Any future rulemaking that results from these proposals could be important to TDS Telecom, as a number of the proposals are relevant to rate of return carriers, such as TDS Telecom. 
 The FCC’s Reform Order, and any subsequent orders it adopts to reform universal service and intercarrier compensation, are subject to judicial review.  A number of parties have asked the FCC to reconsider certain aspects of its Reform Order and a number of other parties have sought judicial review.  TDS cannot predict the timing or outcome of any such requests for reconsiderations or appeals or whether such actions will result in an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 11) 
 An inability to attract and/or retain highly competent management, technical, sales and other personnel could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS’ businesses are highly technical and competition for skilled talent in the telecommunications and IT services industries is aggressive.  Due to competition for qualified management, technical, sales and other personnel and TDS’ relative size in comparison to much larger competitors, there can be no assurance that TDS will be able to continue to attract and/or retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of its business.  The loss of the services of existing key personnel as well as the failure to recruit additional qualified personnel in a timely manner could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 12) 
 TDS’ assets are concentrated primarily in the U.S. telecommunications industry. As a result, its results of operations may fluctuate based on factors related primarily to conditions in this industry. 
 TDS’ assets are concentrated primarily in the U.S. telecommunications industry and the United States.  The U.S. telecommunications industry is facing significant change and an uncertain operating environment.  Although TDS has a growing HMS business, TDS has not substantially diversified its revenue streams outside of its two principal businesses, wireless and wireline telecommunications.  TDS’ focus on the U.S. telecommunications industry, together with its positioning relative to larger competitors with greater resources within the industry, may represent increased risk for investors due to the lack of diversification.  This could have an adverse effect on TDS’ ability to profitably sustain long-term revenue growth and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 13) 
 TDS’ lower scale relative to larger competitors could adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 There has been a trend in the telecommunications, IT services and related industries in recent years towards consolidation of service providers through acquisitions, reorganizations and joint ventures.  TDS expects this trend towards consolidation to continue, leading to larger competitors over time. TDS has lower scale efficiencies compared to larger competitors.  TDS may be unable to compete successfully with larger companies that have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources or that offer more services than TDS, which could adversely affect TDS’ revenues and costs of doing business.  Specifically, TDS’ smaller scale relative to most of its competitors could have the following impacts: 
 Increased operating costs due to lack of leverage with vendors. 
 Limited opportunities for strategic partnerships as potential partners are focused on wireless and wireline carriers with greater scale. 
 Limited access to content. 
 Limited access to wireless devices. 
 Limited ability to influence industry standards. 
 Reduced ability to invest in research and development of new products and services. 
 Vendors may deem TDS non-strategic and not develop or sell products and services to TDS, particularly where technical requirements differ from those of larger companies. 
 Limited access to intellectual property. 
 Other limited opportunities such as for software development, third party distribution, and amortization of fixed costs. 
 TDS’ telecommunications businesses increasingly depend on access to content for data, music or video services and their access to new wireless devices and other devices being developed by vendors.  TDS’ ability to obtain such access depends in part on other parties.  If TDS is unable to obtain timely access to content for data, music or video services or timely access to new wireless devices being developed by vendors, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 As a result of the foregoing, TDS’ lower scale relative to larger competitors could adversely affect TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 14) 
 Changes in various business factors could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in any of several factors could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations.  These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 Demand for or usage of services, particularly data services; 
 Customer preferences, including internet speed and type of wireless devices; 
 Customer perceptions of network quality and performance; 
 The pricing of services; 
 The overall size and growth rate of TDS’ customer base; 
 Average revenue per customer; 
 Penetration rates; 
 Churn rates; 
 Selling expenses; 
 Net customer acquisition and retention costs; 
 Customers’ ability to pay for services and the potential impact on bad debts expense; 
 Roaming agreements and rates; 
 Third-party vendor support; 
 The mix of products and services offered by TDS and purchased by customers; and 
 The costs of providing products and services. 
 15) 
 Advances or changes in technology could render certain technologies used by TDS obsolete, could put TDS at a competitive disadvantage, could reduce TDS’ revenues or could increase its costs of doing business. 
 The telecommunications and IT services industries are experiencing significant technological change.  In the telecommunications industry, this is evidenced by evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology, shorter development cycles for new services, and products, and enhancements and changes in end-user requirements and preferences.  Widespread deployment of technologies such as “Wi-Fi,” which does not rely on exclusively-licensed spectrum, Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”), advances in High Speed Packet Access (“HSPA”), and the deployment of fourth generation technologies (“4G”) such as LTE or Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (“WiMAX”), could cause the technology used on TDS’ wireless networks to become less competitive or obsolete.  In addition, wider deployment and use of VoIP could cause a decrease in demand for TDS’ traditional circuit-switched telephone services.  Specifically, VoIP providers have lower barriers to entry into the telecommunications business, are able to avoid access charges in many cases, and may use a strategy of offering voice service for free or at a marginally profitable rate in order to sell other services and content to customers.  Also, high speed wireless networks (“wireless broadband”) represent a product offering and opportunity for TDS’ wireless business, but also represent a risk for TDS’ wireline business as customers may elect to substitute their wireline broadband connection for wireless broadband.  Further, fixed-mobile convergence services that combine wireline broadband services with mobile services represent a competitive threat.  In addition, the IT services market is characterized by rapidly changing technology and services.  TDS may not be able to respond to such changes and implement new technology on a timely or cost-effective basis, which could reduce its revenues or increase its costs of doing business.  If TDS cannot keep pace with these technological changes or other changes in the telecommunications or IT services industries over time, its financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business could be adversely affected. 
 16) 
 Complexities associated with deploying new technologies present substantial risk. 
 Complexities associated with deploying new technologies present substantial risk to TDS’ businesses. 
 TDS’ wireless business has selected 4G LTE technology as its approach to address demand for services enabled by fourth generation wireless technology.  The deployment of 4G LTE technology is impacted by a number of technical challenges. 
 Manufacturers of wireless devices (“Original Equipment Manufacturers” or “OEMs”) must design and manufacture equipment that operates on the frequency bands available to TDS.  This may involve software and hardware support for such bands in wireless device chipsets as well as band-specific designs for components such as filters.  OEMs, chipset manufacturers, and component manufacturers will likely prioritize the support of frequency bands that are specified by the largest wireless carriers.  Given TDS’ smaller scale relative to its competitors, certain bands of spectrum licensed to TDS and its affiliates in certain cases represent a lower priority for chipset and wireless device manufacturers.  As a result, the timing and the availability of wireless devices to support TDS’ continued 4G LTE roll out could be negatively impacted.  In addition, due to TDS’ relatively smaller scale, the cost of such equipment could be higher for TDS than for TDS’ competitors. 
 Additionally, the efficiency of LTE networks and the peak speeds they can provide are optimized when the technology is deployed in larger channel bandwidths that, in early releases of LTE, require larger amounts of contiguous spectrum.  To the extent that TDS’ competitors have access to larger contiguous spectrum positions, they may be able to offer faster speeds or provision their networks more efficiently.  In order for TDS to realize the same LTE data transfer speeds as competitors, it is important that both network infrastructure and device manufacturers support non-contiguous spectrum aggregation features for TDS. 
 Lack of wireless devices available to TDS to support its continued 4G LTE roll out, comparatively smaller spectrum positions for initial 4G LTE deployments, or carrier aggregation standards that result in TDS delivering slower 4G LTE data transfer speeds relative to its competitors, could have an adverse impact on TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, in March of 2012, the FCC adopted a NPRM with respect to promoting LTE device interoperability in 700 MHz commercial spectrum. This NPRM is intended to evaluate whether possible interference concerns to Lower 700 MHz B and C Block licensees can be resolved either by agreement on the part of these licensees to be interoperable with the Lower 700 MHz A Block licensees, or by a regulatory mandate for such interoperability. In the event the FCC finds that these interference concerns are minimal or can be reasonably mitigated, then the FCC, along with the industry, could adopt policies to ensure device interoperability which will enhance the access of U.S. Cellular to an expanded array of advanced 4G LTE devices designed to operate on 700 MHz commercial spectrum. 
 TDS Telecom’s diversified telecommunications business is deploying technologically advanced wireline services including advanced DSL, fiber optic and Very-high-speed digital subscriber line 2 (“VDSL2”) technologies. A significant amount of the product development and integration risks are borne by TDS.  Further, the simultaneous rollout of these advanced services and technologies increases the execution risk.  If TDS fails to effectively deploy new technologies and products on a timely basis, this could have an adverse impact on TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The TDS HMS business is also continuously evaluating and deploying advances in technology relating to IT services.  If TDS HMS fails to effectively deploy new technologies and products on a timely basis, this could have an adverse impact on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 17) 
 TDS is subject to numerous surcharges and fees from federal, state and local governments, and the applicability and the amount of these fees are subject to great uncertainty. 
 Telecommunications providers pay a variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from interstate and intrastate services, including USF fees and common carrier regulatory fees. The division of services between interstate services and intrastate services, including the divisions associated with the federal USF fees, is a matter of interpretation and may in the future be contested by the FCC or state authorities. The FCC also may change in the future the basis on which federal USF fees are charged. The Federal government and many states also apply transaction-based taxes to sales of TDS products and services and to purchases of telecommunications services from various carriers. In addition, state regulators and local governments have imposed and may continue to impose various surcharges, taxes and fees on TDS services. The applicability of these surcharges and fees to its services is uncertain in many cases and jurisdictions may contest whether TDS has assessed and remitted those monies correctly.  Periodically state and federal regulators may increase or change the surcharges and fees TDS currently pays.  In some instances TDS passes through these charges to its customers.  However, Congress, the FCC, state regulatory agencies or state legislatures may limit the ability to pass through transaction-based tax liabilities, regulatory surcharges and regulatory fees imposed on TDS to customers.  TDS may or may not be able to recover some or all of those taxes from its customers and the amount of taxes may deter demand for its services or increase its cost to provide service which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results. 
 18) 
 Changes in TDS’ enterprise value, changes in the market supply or demand for wireless licenses, wireline markets or IT service providers, adverse developments in the businesses or the industries in which TDS is involved and/or other factors could require TDS to recognize impairments in the carrying value of its license costs, goodwill and/or physical assets. 
 A large portion of TDS’ assets consists of indefinite-lived intangible assets in the form of licenses and goodwill.  TDS also has substantial investments in long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment.  TDS reviews its licenses, goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable.  An impairment loss may need to be recognized to the extent the carrying value of the assets exceeds the fair value of such assets.  The amount of any such impairment loss could be significant and could have an adverse effect on TDS’ reported financial results for the period in which the loss is recognized.  The estimation of fair values requires assumptions by management about factors that are uncertain including future cash flows, the appropriate discount rate and other factors.  Different assumptions for these factors could create materially different results. 
 19) 
 Costs, integration problems or other factors associated with acquisitions/divestitures of properties or licenses and/or expansion of TDS’ businesses could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As part of TDS’ operating strategy, TDS from time to time may be engaged in negotiations relating to the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies, strategic properties or wireless spectrum.  TDS may change the markets in which it operates and the services that it provides through the acquisition of other telecommunications service providers, IT services businesses, the acquisition of selected licenses or operating markets from such providers or through direct investment or divestiture of current operations.  In general, TDS may not disclose such transactions until a definitive agreement has been reached. 
 The acquisition of additional businesses will depend on TDS’ ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates, to negotiate acceptable terms for their acquisition and to finance any such acquisitions.  TDS also will be subject to competition for suitable acquisition candidates.  Any acquisitions, if made, could divert the resources and management time of TDS and would require integration with TDS’ existing business operations and services.  As a result, there can be no assurance that any such acquisitions will occur or that any such acquisitions, if made, would be made in a timely manner or on terms favorable to TDS or would be successfully integrated into TDS’ operations.  These transactions commonly involve a number of risks, including: 
 Ability to enter markets in which TDS has limited or no direct prior experience and competitors have stronger positions; 
 Ability to manage businesses that are engaged in activities other than traditional wireline and wireless service, including TDS’ acquisition of hosted and managed services businesses which provide colocation, dedicated hosting, hosted application management, cloud computing services and installation, sales and management of Information Technology infrastructure hardware solutions; 
 Uncertain revenues and expenses, with the result that TDS may not realize the growth in revenues, anticipated cost structure, profitability, or return on investment that it expects; 
 Difficulty of integrating the technologies, services, products, operations and personnel of the acquired businesses; 
 Diversion of management’s attention; 
 Disruption of ongoing business; 
 Impact on TDS’ cash and available credit lines for use in financing future growth and working capital needs; 
 Inability to retain key personnel; 
 Inability to successfully incorporate acquired assets and rights into TDS’ service offerings; 
 Inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 
 Possible conditions to approval by the FCC, the Federal Trade Commission and/or the Department of Justice; and 
 Impairment of relationships with employees, customers or vendors. 
 Failure to overcome these risks or any other problems encountered in these transactions could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If TDS expands into new telecommunications, IT services or other businesses or markets, it may incur significant expenditures, a substantial portion of which must be made before any revenues will be realized.  Such expenditures may increase as a result of the accelerated pace of regulatory and technological changes.  Such expenditures, together with the associated high initial costs of providing service in new markets, may result in reduced cash flow until an adequate revenue base is established.  There can be no assurance that an adequate revenue base will be established in any new technology or market which TDS pursues. 
 If TDS expands into new telecommunications, IT services or other businesses or markets, it will incur certain additional risks in connection with such expansion, including increased legal and regulatory risks, and possible adverse reaction by some of its current customers.  Such businesses and markets are highly competitive and, as a new entrant, TDS may be disadvantaged.  The success of TDS’ entry into new telecommunications and related service businesses or markets will be dependent upon, among other things, TDS’ ability to select new equipment and software and to integrate the new equipment and software into its operations, to hire and train qualified personnel and to enhance its existing administrative, financial and information systems to accommodate the new businesses or markets.  No assurance can be given that TDS will be successful with respect to these efforts. 
 If TDS is not successful with respect to its expansion or divestiture initiatives, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.  In particular, the anticipated impacts of the Purchase and Sale Agreement with Sprint and related transactions are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals, successfully complete the transaction and the actual financial impacts of such transactions. 
 20) 
 A significant portion of TDS’ wireless revenues is derived from customers who buy services through independent agents who market TDS’ services on a commission basis. If TDS’ relationships with these agents are seriously harmed, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 TDS has relationships with agents to obtain customers.  Agents are independent business people who obtain customers for TDS on a commission basis.  TDS’ agents are generally in the business of selling wireless devices, wireless service packages and other related products. 
 TDS’ business and growth depends, in part, on the maintenance of satisfactory relationships with its agents.  If such relationships are seriously harmed or if such parties experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, TDS’ revenues and, as a result, its business, financial condition or results of operations, could be adversely affected. 
 21) 
 TDS’ investments in technologies which are unproven may not produce the benefits that TDS expects. 
 TDS is making investments in various new technologies and service and product offerings.  These investments include technologies for enhanced data services offerings, IPTV and IT services.  TDS expects new services, products and solutions based on these new technologies to contribute to future growth in its revenues.  However, the markets for some of these services, products and solutions are still emerging and the overall potential for these markets remains uncertain.  If customer demand for these new services, products and solutions does not develop as expected, TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 22) 
 A failure by TDS to complete significant network construction and systems implementation activities as part of its plans to improve the quality, coverage, capabilities and capacity of its network, support and other systems and infrastructure could have an adverse effect on its operations. 
 TDS’ business plan includes significant construction activities and enhancements to its network, support and other systems and infrastructure.  In connection therewith, TDS must, among other things, continue to: 
 Lease, acquire or otherwise obtain rights to cell and switch sites, data centers relating to IT services or other facilities; 
 Obtain zoning variances or other local governmental or third-party approvals or permits; 
 Complete and update the radio frequency design, including cell site design, frequency planning and network optimization, for each of TDS’ wireless markets; and 
 Improve, expand and maintain customer care, network management, billing and other financial and management systems. 
 Any difficulties encountered in completing these activities, as well as problems in vendor equipment availability, technical resources, system performance or system adequacy, could delay expansion of operations and product capabilities in new or existing markets or result in increased costs.  Failure to successfully build-out and enhance TDS’ network, support facilities and other systems and infrastructure in a cost-effective manner, and in a manner that satisfies customer expectations, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, business prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 23) 
 Financial difficulties (including bankruptcy proceedings) or other operational difficulties of TDS’ key suppliers, termination or impairment of TDS’ relationships with such suppliers, or a failure by TDS to manage its supply chain effectively could result in delays or termination of TDS’ receipt of required equipment or services, or could result in excess quantities of required equipment or services, any of which could adversely affect TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS depends upon certain vendors to provide it with equipment, services or content to continue its network construction and upgrade and to operate its business.  TDS does not have operational or financial control over such key suppliers and has limited influence with respect to the manner in which these key suppliers conduct their businesses.  If these key suppliers experience financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy or experience other operational difficulties, they may be unable to provide equipment, services or content to TDS on a timely basis or cease to provide such equipment, services or content or otherwise fail to honor their obligations to TDS. 
 Regulations regarding the use of “conflict minerals” mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries may affect some of TDS’ suppliers.  These regulations may limit the availability of conflict free minerals and, as a result, TDS may not be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices from its vendors who utilize such minerals in the manufacture of products. 
 In such cases, TDS may be unable to maintain and upgrade its network or provide products and services to its customers in a competitive manner, or could suffer other disruptions to its business.  In that event, TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, operation of TDS’ supply chain and management of its inventory require accurate forecasting of customer growth and demand, which has become increasingly challenging.  If overall demand for wireless devices or the mix of demand for wireless devices is significantly different than TDS’ expectations, TDS could face inadequate or excess supplies of particular models of wireless devices.  This could result in lost sales opportunities or an excess supply of inventory.  Either of these situations could adversely affect TDS’ revenues, costs of doing business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 24) 
 TDS has significant investments in entities that it does not control. Losses in the value of such investments could have an adverse effect on TDS’ financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS has significant investments in entities that it does not control, including a 5.5% ownership interest in the Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership (the “LA Partnership”) and a limited partnership interest in King Street Wireless L.P.  TDS’ interests in such entities do not provide TDS with control over the business strategy, financial goals, build-out plans or other operational aspects of these entities.  TDS cannot provide assurance that these entities will operate in a manner that will increase the value of TDS’ investments, that TDS’ proportionate share of income from the LA Partnership will continue at the current level in the future or that TDS will not incur losses from the holding of such investments.  Losses in the values of such investments or a reduction in income from the LA Partnership could adversely affect TDS’ financial condition or results of operations. 
 25) 
 A failure by TDS to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technology, or a material disruption thereof, including breaches of network or information technology security, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS relies extensively on its telecommunication networks and information technology to operate and manage its businesses, process transactions and summarize and report results.  These networks and technology become obsolete over time and must be upgraded, replaced and/or otherwise enhanced over time.  Enhancements must be more flexible and robust than ever before.  All of this is capital intensive and challenging.  A failure by TDS to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technology could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The increased provision of data services including IPTV has introduced significant new demands on TDS’ network and has also increased complexities related to network management.  As it relates to TDS’ wireline networks, the transition to new IP-based networks from well-established time-division multiplexing networks requires new support tools and technician skills.  Further, this transition requires the use of more leased facilities and partnerships which require enhanced network monitoring and controls.  The IP-based networks also generally require more electronics on customers’ premises which introduces more technical risks and makes diagnostics and repairs more difficult. 
 Further, the increased provision of data services on TDS’ networks has created an increased level of risk related to quality of service.  This is due to the fact that many customers, particularly commercial customers, increasingly rely on data communications to execute and validate transactions.  The increased volume of data traffic has resulted in capacity issues.  As a result, redundancy, geographical diversity and enhanced capacity of TDS’ network facilities are critical to providing uninterrupted service.  Also, the speed of repair and maintenance procedures in the event of network interruptions is critical to maintaining customer satisfaction.  TDS’ ability to maintain high quality, uninterrupted service to its customers is critical, particularly given the increasingly competitive environment and customers’ ability to choose other service providers. 
 In addition, TDS’ networks and information technology and the networks and information technology of vendors on which TDS relies are subject to damage or interruption due to various events, including power outages, computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, hackers and other cyber security risks, catastrophic events, natural disasters, errors or unauthorized actions by employees and vendors, flawed conversion of systems, disruptive technologies and technology changes.  TDS experiences cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis.  TDS maintains administrative, technical and physical controls, as well as other preventative actions, to reduce the risk of security breaches.  While to date TDS has not experienced a material security breach, these efforts may be insufficient to prevent a security breach stemming from future cyber attacks.  If TDS’ or its vendors’ networks and information technology are not adequately adapted to changes in technology or are damaged or fail to function properly, and/or if TDS’ or its vendors’ security is breached or otherwise compromised, TDS could suffer adverse consequences, including theft, destruction or other loss of critical and private data, including customer and/or employee data, interruptions or delays in its operations, inaccurate billings, inaccurate financial reporting, and significant costs to remedy the problems.  If TDS’ or its vendors’ systems become unavailable or suffer a security breach of customer or other data, TDS may be required to expend significant resources and take various actions to address the problems, including notification under data privacy laws and regulations, may be subject to fines, sanctions and litigation, and its reputation and operating results could be adversely affected.  Such events may also cause TDS to fail to satisfy service level commitments to customers of its IT services.  Any material disruption in TDS’ networks or information technology, including security breaches, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 26) 
 Wars, conflicts, hostilities and/or terrorist attacks or equipment failures, power outages, natural disasters or other events could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Wars, conflicts, hostilities, terrorist attacks, major equipment failures, power outages, natural disasters, or similar disasters or failures that affect TDS’ wireless or wireline telephone switching offices, information systems, microwave links, third-party owned local and long-distance networks on which TDS relies, TDS’ cell sites, data centers or other equipment or the networks of other providers and vendors which TDS or its customers use or on which customers roam could have an adverse effect on TDS’ operations.  Although TDS has certain back-up and similar arrangements, TDS has not established a formal, comprehensive business continuity or emergency response plan at this time.  As a result, under certain circumstances, TDS may not be prepared to continue its operations, respond to emergencies or recover from disasters or other similar events.  TDS’ inability to operate its telecommunications systems or access or operate its information systems even for a limited time period may result in a loss of customers or impair TDS’ ability to serve customers or attract new customers, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 27) 
 The market price of TDS’ Common Shares is subject to fluctuations due to a variety of factors. 
 Factors that may affect the future market price of TDS’ Common Shares include: 
 General economic conditions, including conditions in the credit and financial markets; 
 Wireless and telecommunications industry conditions; 
 Fluctuations in TDS’ quarterly customer additions, churn rate, revenues, results of operations or cash flows; 
 Variations between TDS’ actual financial and operating results and those expected by analysts and investors; and 
 Announcements by TDS’ competitors. 
 Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the future market price of TDS’ Common Shares, or could cause the future market price of TDS’ Common Shares to fluctuate from time to time. 
 28) 
 Identification of errors in financial information or disclosures could require amendments to or restatements of financial information or disclosures included in this or prior filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  Such amendments or restatements and related matters, including resulting delays in filing periodic reports with the SEC, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS prepares its consolidated financial statement in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and files such financial statements with the SEC in accordance with the SEC’s rules and regulations.  The possible identification of any errors in such prior filings with the SEC could require restatements of financial information or amendments to disclosures included in this or prior filings with the SEC. 
 Restatements and delays in filing reports with the SEC could have adverse consequences, including the following:  TDS’ credit ratings could be downgraded, which would result in an increase in its borrowing costs and could make it more difficult for TDS to borrow funds on satisfactory terms.  The lenders on TDS’ and U.S. Cellular’s revolving credit agreements could refuse to waive a default or extend a waiver of default, impose restrictive covenants or conditions or require increased payments and fees.  The holders of debt under TDS’ indenture could attempt to assert a default and, if successful and TDS does not cure the default in a timely manner, accelerate the repayment date of such debt.  The New York Stock Exchange could begin delisting proceedings with respect to the TDS Common Shares and TDS debt that is listed thereon.  TDS may not be able to use or file shelf registration statements on Form S-3 for an extended period of time, which may limit TDS’ ability to access the capital markets.  TDS may not be able to use Form S-8 registration statements relating to its employee benefit plans, which may have an adverse affect on TDS’ ability to attract and retain employees.  TDS also could face shareholder litigation or SEC enforcement action. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 29) 
 The existence of material weaknesses in the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting could result in inaccurate financial statements or other disclosures or failure to prevent fraud, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, TDS is required to furnish a report of management’s assessment of the design and effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as part of its Form 10-K filed with the SEC.  TDS management also is required to report on the effectiveness of TDS’ disclosure controls and procedures.  The independent auditors of TDS are required to attest to, and report on, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.  Material weaknesses could result in inaccurate financial statements or other disclosures or failure to prevent fraud, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations.  Further, if TDS does not successfully remediate any known material weaknesses in a timely manner, it could be subject to sanctions by regulatory authorities such as the SEC, it could fail to timely meet its regulatory reporting obligations, or investor perceptions could be negatively affected; each of these potential consequences could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 30) 
 Changes in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information that affects the calculation of potential liabilities for contingent obligations under guarantees, indemnities, claims, litigation or otherwise, could require TDS to record charges in excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements, if any, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The preparation of financial statements requires TDS to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  TDS bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions and information that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.  Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Changes in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information that affects the calculation of potential liabilities for contingent obligations under guarantees, indemnities, claims, litigation or otherwise, could require TDS to record charges in excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements, if any, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 31) 
 Disruption in credit or other financial markets, a deterioration of U.S. or global economic conditions or other events could, among other things, impede TDS’ access to or increase the cost of financing its operating and investment activities and/or result in reduced revenues and lower operating income and cash flows, which would have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Disruptions in the credit and financial markets, declines in consumer confidence, increases in unemployment, declines in economic growth and uncertainty about corporate earnings could have a significant negative impact on the U.S. and global financial and credit markets and the overall economy.  Such events could have an adverse impact on financial institutions resulting in limited access to capital and credit for many companies. Furthermore, economic uncertainties make it very difficult to accurately forecast and plan future business activities.  Changes in economic conditions, changes in financial markets, deterioration in the capital markets or other factors could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition, revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 32) 
 Uncertainty of TDS’ ability to access capital, deterioration in the capital markets, other changes in market conditions, changes in TDS’ credit ratings or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to TDS, which could require TDS to reduce its construction, development or acquisition programs. 
 TDS and its subsidiaries operate capital-intensive businesses.  TDS has used internally-generated funds and has also obtained substantial funds from external sources to finance the build-out and enhancement of markets, to fund acquisitions and for general corporate purposes.  TDS also may require substantial additional capital for, among other uses, acquisitions of providers of wireless or wireline telecommunications services, IT services or other businesses, spectrum license or system acquisitions, system development and network capacity expansion.  There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will continue to be available to TDS or its subsidiaries on terms or at prices acceptable to TDS.  Changes in TDS’ credit ratings, uncertainty of access to capital for telecommunications companies, deterioration in the capital markets, reduced regulatory capital at banks which in turn limits their ability to borrow, other changes in market conditions or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to TDS, which could require TDS to reduce its construction, development and acquisition programs.  Reduction of TDS’ construction, development and acquisition programs likely would have a negative impact on TDS’ consolidated revenues, income and cash flows. 
 33) 
 Settlements, judgments, restraints on its current or future manner of doing business and/or legal costs resulting from pending and future litigation could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS is regularly involved in a number of legal and policy proceedings before the FCC and various state and federal courts.  Such legal and policy proceedings can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. 
 The assessment of legal and policy proceedings is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events.  Additionally, amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or resolution of litigation and other contingencies may differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements.  Depending on a range of factors, these or similar proceedings could impose restraints on TDS’ current or future manner of doing business.  Such potential outcomes could have an adverse effect on TDS’ financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 34) 
 The possible development of adverse precedent in litigation or conclusions in professional studies to the effect that radio frequency emissions from wireless devices and/or cell sites cause harmful health consequences, including cancer or tumors, or may interfere with various electronic medical devices such as pacemakers, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ wireless business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Media reports and certain professional studies have suggested that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless devices may be linked to various health problems, including cancer or tumors, and may interfere with various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers.  U.S. Cellular is a party to and may in the future be a party to lawsuits against wireless carriers and other parties claiming damages for alleged health effects, including cancer or tumors, arising from wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters.  Concerns over radio frequency emissions may discourage use of wireless devices or expose TDS to potential litigation.  Any resulting decrease in demand for wireless services or costs of litigation and damage awards could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In addition, some studies have indicated that some aspects of using wireless devices while driving may impair drivers’ attention in certain circumstances, making accidents more likely.  These concerns could lead to potential litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injuries, any of which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Numerous state and local legislative bodies have enacted or proposed legislation restricting or prohibiting the use of wireless devices while driving motor vehicles.  These enacted or proposed laws or other similar laws, if passed, could have the effect of reducing customer usage and/or increasing costs, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 35) 
 Claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, primarily involving patent infringement claims, could prevent TDS from using necessary technology to provide products or services or subject TDS to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS faces possible effects of industry litigation relating to patents, other intellectual property or otherwise, that may restrict TDS’ access to devices for sale to customers.  If technology that TDS uses in products or services were determined by a court to infringe a patent or other intellectual property right held by another person, TDS could be precluded from using that technology and could be required to pay significant monetary damages.  TDS also may be required to pay significant royalties to such person to continue to use such technology in the future.  The successful enforcement of any intellectual property rights, or TDS’ inability to negotiate a license for such rights on acceptable terms, could force TDS to cease using the relevant technology and offering services incorporating the technology.  Any litigation to determine the validity of claims that TDS’ products or services infringe or may infringe intellectual property rights of another, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the effort and attention of TDS’ management and technical personnel.  Regardless of the merits of any specific claim, TDS cannot give assurance that it would prevail in litigation because of the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation.  Although TDS generally seeks to obtain indemnification agreements from vendors that provide it with technology, there can be no assurance that any claim of infringement will be covered by an indemnity or that TDS will be able to recover all or any of its losses and costs under any available indemnity agreements.  Any claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others could prevent TDS from using necessary technology to provide its services or subject TDS to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 36) 
 Certain matters, such as control by the TDS Voting Trust and provisions in the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, may serve to discourage or make more difficult a change in control of TDS. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and the TDS bylaws contain provisions which may serve to discourage or make more difficult a change in control of TDS without the support of the TDS Voting Trust and the TDS Board of Directors or without meeting various other conditions. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes the issuance of different series of common stock, which have different voting rights.  The TDS Series A Common Shares have the power to elect approximately 75% (less one) of the directors and have ten votes per share in matters other than the election of directors.  The TDS Common Shares (with one vote per share) vote as a separate group only with respect to the election of 25% (plus one) of the directors.  In addition, the total percentage voting power in matters other than the election of directors of the Series A Common Shares and Common Shares are fixed, at 56.7% and 43.3%, respectively, subject to adjustment due to changes in the number of outstanding Series A Common Shares. 
 A substantial majority of the outstanding TDS Series A Common Shares are held in the TDS Voting Trust which expires on June 30, 2035.  The TDS Voting Trust was created to facilitate the long-standing relationships among the trustees’ certificate holders.  By virtue of the number of shares held by them, the voting trustees have the power to elect eight directors based on the current TDS Board of Directors’ size of 12 directors, and control a majority of the voting power of TDS with respect to matters other than the election of directors. 
 The existence of the TDS Voting Trust is likely to deter any potential unsolicited or hostile takeover attempts or other efforts to obtain control of TDS and may make it more difficult for shareholders to sell shares of TDS at higher than market prices.  The trustees of the TDS Voting Trust have advised TDS that they intend to maintain the ability to keep or dispose of voting control of TDS. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, also authorizes the TDS Board of Directors to designate and issue TDS Undesignated Shares in one or more classes or series of preferred or common stock from time to time.  Generally, no further action or authorization by the shareholders is necessary prior to the designation or issuance of the additional TDS Undesignated Shares authorized pursuant to the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, unless applicable laws or regulations would require such approval in a given instance.  Such TDS Undesignated Shares could be issued in circumstances that would serve to preserve control of TDS’ then existing management. 
 In addition, the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, includes a provision which authorizes the TDS Board of Directors to consider various factors, including effects on customers, taxes, and the long-term and short-term interests of TDS, in the context of a proposal or offer to acquire or merge the corporation, or to sell its assets, and to reject such offer if the TDS Board of Directors determines that the proposal is not in the best interests of the corporation based on such factors. 
 The provisions of the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and the TDS bylaws and the existence of various classes of capital stock could prevent shareholders from profiting from an increase in the market value of their shares as a result of a change in control of TDS by delaying or preventing such change in control. 
 37) 
 Any of the foregoing events or other events could cause revenues, earnings, capital expenditures and/or any other financial or statistical information to vary from TDS’ forward-looking estimates by a material amount. 
 From time to time, TDS may disclose forward-looking information, including estimates of future service revenues; income before income taxes; and/or capital expenditures.  Any such forward-looking information includes consideration of known or anticipated changes to the extent disclosed, but dynamic market conditions and/or other unknown or unanticipated events, including but not limited to the risks discussed above, could cause such estimates to differ materially from the actual amounts. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2.  Properties 
 U.S. Cellular 
 The physical properties for mobile telephone switching offices, cell sites, call centers and retail locations are located primarily in U.S. Cellular’s operating markets and are either owned or leased under long-term leases by U.S. Cellular, one of its subsidiaries, or the partnership or corporation which holds the license issued by the FCC. 
 U.S. Cellular leases space for its corporate offices in Chicago, Bensenville and Wood Dale, Illinois; it also leases space for its network operations center in Schaumburg, Illinois and its four regional offices.  As of January 1, 2013, U.S. Cellular operates four customer care centers; one of the facilities used in these operations is owned and three are leased. 
 TDS Telecom 
 The physical properties of TDS Telecom’s wireline operations are located primarily in its operating markets and consist principally of telephone lines and network electronic equipment for both the ILEC and CLEC operations, and land and buildings associated with ILEC operations.  The physical properties of TDS Telecom’s HMS operations are located in several states.  TDS Telecom owns most of its central office buildings, local administrative buildings, data centers and storage facilities used in its ILEC and HMS operations. TDS Telecom leases most of its office space, retail sites, equipment, switching facility buildings, storage facilities and sales offices used in its CLEC operations. 
 TDS Telecom leases space for its corporate headquarters office in Madison, Wisconsin. 
 Corporate 
 TDS leases space for its corporate offices in Chicago, Illinois and Middleton, Wisconsin. 
 General 
 U.S. Cellular’s cell and transmitter sites and TDS Telecom’s telephone lines are located on private and public property.  Locations on private land are by virtue of easements or other arrangements.  U.S. Cellular and TDS Telecom have not experienced major problems with obtaining zoning approval for cell and transmitter sites, telephone lines or other operating facilities and do not anticipate significant problems in this area in future periods. 
 U.S. Cellular’s and TDS Telecom’s properties, plant and equipment are maintained in good operating condition and are suitable and adequate for TDS’ business operations. 
 As of December 31, 2012, Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, totaled $3,022.6 million at U.S. Cellular, $767.4 million at TDS Telecom’s ILEC, $85.1 million at TDS Telecom’s CLEC, $81.7 million at TDS Telecom’s HMS; and $40.5 million at Corporate, Airadigm and Suttle-Straus. 
 Item 3.  Legal Proceedings 
 TDS is involved or may be involved from time to time in legal proceedings before the FCC, other regulatory authorities, and/or various state and federal courts.  If TDS believes that a loss arising from such legal proceedings is probable and can be reasonably estimated, an amount is accrued in the financial statements for the estimated loss.  If only a range of loss can be determined, the best estimate within that range is accrued; if none of the estimates within that range is better than another, the low end of the range is accrued.  The assessment of the expected outcomes of legal proceedings is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events.  The legal proceedings are reviewed at least quarterly to determine the adequacy of accruals and related financial statement disclosures.  The ultimate outcomes of legal proceedings could differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements. 
 See Note 14 — Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable