PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF
1995 
 SAFE HARBOR CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including exhibits,
contains statements that are not based on historical facts and represent
forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, that address activities, events or developments that TDS intends,
expects, projects, believes, estimates, plans or anticipates will or may occur
in the future are forward-looking statements.  The words “believes,” “anticipates,”
“estimates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “projects” and similar expressions
are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the
exclusive means of identifying them.  Such forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual
results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future
results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements.  Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include those set
forth below under “Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K.  Each of the following
risks could have a material adverse effect on TDS; however, such factors are
not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results,
performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or
implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document.  Other
unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on
future results, performance or achievements.  TDS undertakes no obligation to
update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.  You should carefully consider the
following risk factors and other information contained in, or incorporated by
reference into, this Form 10-K to understand the material risks relating
to TDS’ business. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Intense competition in the markets in which TDS operates could adversely
affect TDS’ revenues or increase its costs to compete. 
 Competition in the telecommunications industry is currently intense
and could intensify further in the future due to the general effects of the economy,
as well as due to multiple wireless industry factors such as increasing market
penetration, decreasing customer churn rates, introduction of new products, new
competitors and changing prices.  There is competition in handsets and other
devices; network quality, coverage, speed and technologies; distribution;
pricing; and other categories.  TDS’ ability to compete effectively will
depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and respond to various
competitive factors affecting the telecommunications industry.  TDS anticipates
that, in the future, competition may cause the prices for products and services
to continue to decline and the costs to compete to increase.  Most of TDS’
competitors are national or global telecommunications companies that are larger
than TDS, possess greater resources, possess more extensive coverage areas and
more spectrum within their coverage areas, and market other services with their
communications services that TDS does not offer.  In addition, TDS may face
competition from technologies that may be introduced in the future or from new
entrants into the industry.  New technologies, services and products that are
more commercially effective than the technologies, services and products
offered by TDS may be developed.  Further, new technologies may be proprietary
such that TDS is not able to adopt such technologies.  There can be no
assurance that TDS will be able to compete successfully in this environment. 
 Sources of competition to TDS’ wireless business typically include
three to five competing wireless telecommunications service providers in each
market, wireline telecommunications service providers, cable companies,
resellers (including mobile virtual network operators), and providers of other
alternate telecommunications services.  Many of TDS’ wireless competitors and
other competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing,
sales, purchasing and distribution resources than TDS. 
 TDS’ competitors offer a wide array of wireless service
offerings and wireless devices.  There is increasing complexity associated with
these wireless product and service offerings and the related pricing.  Further,
new wireless services and products and pricing structures are frequently
introduced.  Multiple events related to new services, products and pricing
offered by TDS’ competitors occurring simultaneously or in close proximity may
impact TDS’ ability to respond to such events and compete effectively. 
 Sources of competition to TDS’ Wireline business include, but
are not limited to, resellers of local exchange services, interexchange
carriers, Regional Bell Operating Companies (“RBOCs”), satellite transmission
service providers, wireless communications providers, cable companies,
competitive access service providers, competitive local exchange carriers, VoIP
providers and providers using other emerging technologies.  The Wireline CLEC
business sources of competition include the sources identified above as well as
the ILEC in each market, which enjoys competitive advantages, including its
wireline connection to virtually all of the customers and potential customers
of Wireline’s CLEC business, its established brand name and its substantial
financial resources.  Wireline’s CLEC business is typically required to
discount services to win potential customers.  In the future, TDS expects the
number of its physical access lines served to continue to be adversely affected
by wireless and broadband substitution and by cable company competition. 
 28</BCLPAGE> 
 Some of the
specific risks presented by certain Wireline competitors include: 
 Cable companies – continued deployment of technologies such as
DOCSIS 3.0 that substantially increase data transfer speeds, and offering these
speeds to customers at relatively low rates, including speed upgrades for no
additional charge. 
 Wireless – the trend of customers “substituting” their wireline
connection for a wireless device. 
 RBOCs – continue to be formidable competitors given their full
suite of services, experience and strong financial resources. 
 VoIP providers – are able to offer voice service at a very low
price point. 
 TDS’ Cable business also provides high-speed internet and digital
voice services, as well as cable television service. With respect to internet
and voice services, Cable’s business faces sources of competition similar to
the wireline business.  With respect to cable television service, cable
operators compete against broadcast television, direct broadcast satellite
providers, on-line video services and may compete against wireline providers
which have begun to upgrade their networks to provide video services in addition
to voice and high-speed internet access services.  As a result, the cable
business is highly competitive. 
 Sources of competition of HMS’s business primarily include
large diversified telecommunications and technology companies, as well as
smaller independent companies that focus on mid-market companies.  In addition,
new entrants may emerge and grow rapidly creating additional sources of
competition or companies may begin insourcing IT services.  The IT services
market is large and complex, with a diverse array of segments in which
performance and market dynamics vary considerably.  As a result of these
dynamics the IT services market is a highly competitive environment. 
 If TDS does not adapt to compete effectively in such a highly
competitive environment, such competitive factors could result in product,
service, pricing or cost disadvantages and could have an adverse effect on TDS’
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A
failure by TDS to successfully execute its business strategy (including planned
acquisitions, divestitures and exchanges) or allocate resources or capital
could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results
of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular is a regional wireless carrier that operates on
a customer satisfaction strategy, seeking to meet customer needs by providing a
comprehensive range of wireless products and services, excellent customer
support, and a high-quality network.  U.S. Cellular seeks to operate
controlling interests in wireless licenses in areas adjacent to or in proximity
to its other wireless licenses, thereby building contiguous operating market
areas.  U.S. Cellular relies on roaming agreements with other carriers to
provide roaming capability to its customers in areas of the U.S. outside its service areas and to improve coverage within selected areas of U.S.
Cellular’s network footprint.  U.S. Cellular pursues a product and technology
strategy which requires it to recognize product and technology advances and
quickly adopt and execute rollouts of such advances.  This strategy requires
U.S. Cellular to make timely and effective strategic decisions related to
technological advances and related products and services, and which of these
technological advances to adopt and roll out to its customers. 
 Further, U.S. Cellular’s strategic decisions related to the
adoption of new technologies are ultimately impacted by such factors as
consumer preferences for technologies and the related services and products,
and original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) and standard bodies support of such
technologies, including Long-Term Evolution (“LTE”) and Voice over LTE (“VoLTE”),
among other factors.  If U.S. Cellular’s competitors adopt new technologies
faster than U.S. Cellular, then consumers who are eager to adopt new
technologies more quickly may select U.S. Cellular’s competitors rather than
U.S. Cellular as their service provider.  These customers who are early
adopters of new technologies are often customers who generate higher average
revenue per unit (“ARPU”), and to the extent that U.S. Cellular does not
attract these types of customers, U.S. Cellular could be at a competitive
disadvantage and have a customer base that generates lower overall ARPU
relative to its competition. 
 Wireline’s
business seeks to be the preferred telecommunications solutions provider in its
chosen markets for both residential and commercial customers by developing and
delivering high-quality products that meet or exceed customers’ needs and to
outperform the competition by maintaining superior customer service.  Wireline’s
residential customer strategy is to provide voice, high-speed data, and video
services through value-added bundling of products.  The commercial focus is to
provide advanced IP-based voice and data services, as well as information
technology solutions.  Wireline is actively investing in the continuing
transformation of its networks as it works to deploy advanced technologies and
new services. Wireline seeks to capitalize on its strong local presence and
strives to champion economic development in its communities by
actively advocating with respect to state and federal regulatory
frameworks that would enable its operations to grow profitably and continue to
meet customer expectations for new and improved services. 
 29</BCLPAGE> 
 Cable’s business provides high-speed internet, digital
voice services and television services.  Although similar to Wireline, the
strategies for Cable involve different technical, regulatory, business and
other factors and TDS has limited experience in operating cable companies.  In
particular, Cable’s business has significant costs and risks relating to
programming and retransmission.  Such costs have been increasing and Cable’s
business may not be able to fully pass these costs onto customers.  In
addition, Cable’s business is limited in its ability to obtain programming at
favorable costs and terms due to its small scale.  Also, Cable’s business may
be affected by a wide range of regulatory or other issues, including matters
pertaining to set-top boxes, equipment connectivity, content regulation, closed
captioning, pole attachments, privacy, copyright, technical standards, and
municipal entry into video and broadband.  Cable’s business development
strategy also includes evaluating opportunities for possible further
acquisitions of desirable cable companies on attractive terms to increase the
scale of Cable’s business.  There can be no assurance that TDS will be
successful in its Cable business strategy. 
 HMS’s
business development strategy is to increase its presence in the IT infrastructure
and application outsourcing and solution provider market through organic
growth, expansion or acquisition.  HMS’s service platform with coverage across
all of its product categories provides the potential for expansion of current
products and services to additional markets in or near HMS’s current footprint.
HMS may continue to make opportunistic acquisitions of companies that further
strengthen its operating market areas and enter additional attractive markets. 
 The
successful execution of strategies, the optimal allocation within TDS’
portfolio of assets and optimal capital allocation decisions depend on various
internal and external factors, many of which are not in TDS’ control.  TDS’
ability to implement and execute its business strategies and optimally allocate
its assets and capital and, as a result, achieve desired financial results,
could be affected by such factors.  Such factors include pricing practices by
competitors, relative scale, purchasing power, roaming and other strategic
agreements, wireless device availability, timing of introduction of wireless
devices and other factors.  In addition, there is no assurance that U.S. Cellular’s
or TDS Telecom’s strategies will be successful.  Even if TDS executes its
business strategies as intended, such strategies may not be successful in the
long term to profitably sustain growth in revenues or otherwise. 
 A failure by TDS to execute its business strategies
successfully or to allocate resources or capital optimally could have an adverse
effect on TDS’ businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A failure by TDS’ service offerings to meet customer expectations could
limit TDS’ ability to attract and retain customers and could have an adverse
effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Customer acceptance of the telecommunications and IT services
that TDS offers is and will continue to be affected by technology and the range
of device and service-based differences from competition and by the operational
performance, quality, reliability, and coverage of TDS’ networks.  TDS may have
difficulty attracting and retaining customers if it is unable to meet customer
expectations for a range of services, such as wireless device selection by U.S.
Cellular and easy access to a broad variety of applications, or if it is
otherwise unable to resolve quality issues relating to its networks, billing
systems, or customer care.  Any of these issues may limit TDS’ ability to
expand its network capacity or customer base, or otherwise place TDS at a
competitive disadvantage to other service providers in its markets.  The levels
of customer demand for any TDS next-generation services and products are
uncertain.  Customer demand could be impacted by differences in the types of
services offered, service content, technology, footprint and service areas,
network quality, customer perceptions, customer care levels and rate plans. 
 In the third quarter of 2013, U.S. Cellular migrated most of
its customers to a new Billing and Operational Support System (“B/OSS”) which
includes a new point-of-sale system and consolidates billing on one platform. 
This conversion resulted in billing delays. In addition, intermittent system
outages and delayed system response times negatively impacted customer service
and sales operations at certain times.  Continuing operational problems
associated with the conversion to the new billing system could have adverse
effects on TDS’ business (in areas such as overall customer satisfaction,
customer attrition, uncollectible accounts receivable, gross customer
additions, or operating expenses), financial condition or results of
operations. 
 TDS’
system infrastructure may not be capable of supporting changes in technologies
and services expected by customers, which could result in lost customers and
revenues. 
 The
telecommunications industry and IT services industry are experiencing
significant changes in technologies and services expected by customers.  Future
technological changes or advancements may enable other technologies to equal or
exceed TDS’ current levels of service and render its system infrastructure
obsolete.  New technologies or services often render existing technology
products, services or infrastructure obsolete, too costly or otherwise
unmarketable. TDS’ system infrastructure may not be able to accommodate new
product features and functionality, new reporting requirements, new capacity
requirements or deployment of complex next generation services.  If TDS is
unable to meet future advances in or changes in competing technologies on a
timely basis, or at an acceptable cost, it may not be able to compete
effectively with other carriers, which could result in lost customers and
revenues.  This could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial
condition or results of operations. 
 30</BCLPAGE> 
 Changes in roaming practices or other factors could cause TDS’ roaming
revenues to decline from current levels and/or impact TDS’ ability to service
its customers in geographic areas where TDS does not have its own network,
which would have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or
results of operations. 
 TDS’
revenues include roaming revenues related to the use of TDS’ network by other wireless
carriers’ customers who travel within TDS’ coverage areas.  Changes in the
network footprints of carriers due to mergers, acquisitions or network
expansions could have an adverse effect on TDS’ roaming revenues.  For
example, consolidation among other carriers which have network footprints that
currently overlap TDS’ network could decrease the amount of roaming revenues
for TDS. 
 Similarly,
TDS’ wireless customers can access another carrier’s digital system
automatically only if the other carrier allows TDS’ customers to roam on its
network.  TDS relies on roaming agreements with other carriers to provide
roaming capability to its customers in areas of the U.S., Mexico and Canada
outside of its service areas and to improve coverage within selected areas of
TDS’ network footprint.  Such agreements cover traditional voice services as
well as data services.  Although TDS currently has long-term roaming agreements
with certain other carriers, these agreements generally are subject to renewal
and termination if certain events occur.  FCC rules and orders impose certain
requirements on wireless carriers to offer certain roaming arrangements to
other carriers. However, carriers frequently disagree on what is required.  At
this time, there is no assurance that TDS will be able to enter into agreements
to provide roaming services using 4G LTE or other technologies or that it will
be able to do so on reasonable or cost effective terms. 
 Some competitors may be able to obtain lower roaming rates
than TDS is able to obtain because they have larger call volumes or may be able
to reduce roaming charges by providing service principally over their own
networks.  In addition, the quality of service that a wireless carrier delivers
during a roaming call may be inferior to the quality of service TDS provides,
the price of a roaming call may not be competitive with prices of other
wireless carriers for such call, and TDS’ customers may not be able to use some
of the advanced features, such as voicemail notification or data applications,
that TDS customers enjoy when making calls on TDS’ network.  TDS’ rate of
adoption of new technologies, such as those enabling high-speed data services,
could affect its ability to enter into or maintain roaming agreements with
other carriers.  In addition, TDS’ wireless technology may not be compatible
with technologies used by other carriers, which may limit the ability of TDS to
enter into voice or data roaming agreements with such other carriers.  TDS’
roaming partners could switch their business to new operators or, over time, to
their own networks.  Changes in roaming usage patterns, rates for roaming
minutes or data usage or relationships with carriers whose customers generate
roaming minutes or data use on TDS’ network could have an adverse effect on
TDS’ revenues and revenue growth. 
 To the extent that TDS’ key roaming partners expand their
networks in TDS’ service areas, the roaming arrangements between TDS and these
key roaming partners could become less strategic to such key roaming partners. 
That is, these key roaming partners will have fewer or less extensive
geographic areas where roaming services are required by their customers and, as
a result, the roaming arrangements could become less critical to serving their
customer base.  This presents a risk to TDS in that, to the extent TDS is not
able to enter into economically viable roaming arrangements with key roaming
partners, this could impact TDS’ ability to service its customers in geographic
areas where TDS does not have its own network. 
 If TDS’ roaming revenues decline, or if TDS is unable to
obtain or maintain roaming agreements with other wireless carriers that contain
pricing and other terms that are competitive and acceptable to TDS, and that
satisfy TDS’ quality and interoperability requirements, its business, financial
condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 31</BCLPAGE> 
 A
failure by TDS to obtain access to adequate radio spectrum to meet current or
anticipated future needs and/or to accurately predict future needs for radio
spectrum could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or
results of operations. 
 TDS’ wireless business depends
on the ability to use portions of the radio spectrum licensed by the FCC.  TDS
could fail to obtain access to sufficient spectrum capacity in new or existing critical
markets, whether through FCC auctions or other transactions, in order to meet
the anticipated spectrum requirements associated with increased demand for
existing services, especially increases in customer demand for data services, and
to enable deployment of next-generation services.  TDS believes that this
increased demand for data services reflects a trend that will continue for the
foreseeable future; as such, TDS could fail to accurately forecast its future spectrum
requirements considering changes in customer usage patterns, technology
requirements and the expanded demands of new services.  Such a failure could have
an adverse impact on the quality of TDS’ services or TDS’ ability to roll out
such future services in some markets, or could require that TDS curtail
existing services in order to make spectrum available for next-generation
services.  S 
 pectrum constrained providers could be
effectively capped in increasing market share.  As spectrum constrained
providers gain customers, they use up their network capacity.  Since they
lack spectrum, they can respond to demand only by adding cell sites, which is
capital intensive, limited by zoning considerations, and ultimately may not be
cost effective. 
 TDS may acquire access to spectrum through a number of
alternatives, including participation in spectrum auctions, partnering on a
non-controlling basis with other auction applicants (“Other Applicants”) and
other acquisitions and exchanges.  As required by law, the FCC has conducted
auctions for licenses to use some parts of the radio spectrum.  The decision to
conduct auctions, and the determination of what spectrum frequencies will be
made available for auction and the determination of geographic size of licenses,
are made by the FCC pursuant to laws that they administer.  The FCC may not be
able to allocate spectrum sufficient to meet the demands of all those wishing
to obtain licenses for new market entry or to expand their spectrum holdings 
 to meet the expanding demand for data services or to
address other spectrum constraints 
 .  Due to factors such as geographic
size of licenses and auction bidders that may raise prices beyond acceptable
levels, TDS or Other Applicants may not be successful in FCC auctions in obtaining
the spectrum that either believes is necessary to implement its business and
technology strategies.  In addition, newly auctioned spectrum may not be
compatible with existing spectrum, and vendors may not create suitable products
to use such spectrum.  Further, access to use spectrum won in FCC auctions may
not be available on a timely basis.  Such access is dependent upon the FCC
actually granting licenses won in the various auctions, which can be delayed
for various reasons, including the possible need for the FCC to transition
current users of spectrum to other portions of the radio spectrum.  TDS also
may seek to acquire radio spectrum through purchases and exchanges with other
spectrum licensees.  However, TDS may not be able to acquire sufficient
spectrum through these types of transactions, and TDS may not be able to
complete any of these transactions on favorable terms. 
 To
the extent conducted by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), TDS is
likely to participate in FCC auctions of additional spectrum in the future as
an applicant or as a noncontrolling partner in another auction applicant and,
during certain periods, will be subject to the FCC’s anti-collusion rules,
which could have an adverse effect on TDS. 
 From time to time, the FCC conducts auctions through which
additional spectrum is made available for the provision of wireless services. 
TDS has participated in such auctions in the past and is likely to participate
in other auctions conducted by the FCC in the future as an applicant or as a
non-controlling partner in another auction applicant.  FCC anti-collusion
rules place certain restrictions on business communications and
disclosures by participants in an FCC auction.  These anti-collusion
rules may restrict the normal conduct of TDS’ business and/or disclosures
by TDS relating to an FCC auction, which could last three to six months or
more.  The restrictions could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in the regulatory environment or a failure by TDS to timely or
fully comply with any applicable regulatory requirements could adversely affect
TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS’ operations are subject to varying degrees of regulation
by the FCC, state public utility commissions and other federal, state and local
regulatory agencies and legislative bodies.  Adverse decisions or increased
regulation by these regulatory bodies could negatively impact TDS’ operations
by, among other things, increasing TDS’ costs of doing business, permitting
greater competition or limiting TDS’ ability to engage in certain sales or
marketing activities.  New regulatory mandates or enforcement may require
unexpected or changed capital investment, lost revenues, changes in operations
or other changes. 
 TDS’ wireless business requires licenses granted by the FCC to
provide wireless telecommunications services.  Typically, such licenses are
issued for an initial ten-year term and may be renewed for additional ten-year
terms, subject to FCC approval of the renewal applications.  Failure to comply
with FCC requirements in a given service area could result in the revocation of
TDS’ license for that area or in the imposition of fines.  Court decisions and
rulemakings could have a substantial impact on TDS’ wireless operations,
including rulemakings on intercarrier access compensation and universal
service.  Litigation and different objectives among federal and state
regulators could create uncertainty and delay TDS’ ability to respond to new
regulations.  TDS is unable to predict the future actions of the various
regulatory bodies that govern TDS, but such actions could have adverse effects
on TDS’ wireless business. 
 32</BCLPAGE> 
 TDS’ Wireline operations are subject
to varying degrees of regulation by the FCC, state public utility commissions
and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies. 
Adverse decisions or increased regulation by these regulatory bodies could
negatively impact TDS’ operations by, among other things, increasing TDS’ costs
of doing business, permitting greater competition or limiting TDS’ ability to
engage in certain sales or marketing activities.  TDS is unable to predict the
future actions of the various regulatory bodies that govern TDS, but such
actions could have adverse effects on TDS’ Wireline business. 
 TDS’ ILECs have been granted permission to operate by each of
the states in which they operate.  TDS is subject to regulation from the
regulatory commissions in each of these states as well as from the FCC.  State
regulatory commissions have primary jurisdiction over local and intrastate
rates that TDS charges customers, including, without limitation, other
telecommunications companies, and service quality standards.  The FCC has primary
jurisdiction over the interstate access rates that TDS charges other
telecommunications companies that use TDS’ network and other issues related to
interstate service.  TDS receives a substantial amount of its ILEC revenues
from interexchange carriers for providing access to its network and from
compensation from the USF and other support funds.  Future revenues, costs, and
capital investment in TDS’ Wireline business could be adversely affected by
material changes to these regulations including but not limited to changes in
intercarrier compensation, state and federal universal service support, and the
treatment of VoIP traffic. 
 Although TDS’ CLECs are not subject to regulatory review in
the same way as the ILECs, the viability of their business model depends on FCC
and state regulations.  Court decisions and regulatory developments relating to
unbundled network elements (“UNEs”) and access and transport options could
negatively affect the CLEC’s ability to obtain access to certain local networks
or to provide broadband services to end users and/or could increase the CLEC’s
cost of providing some services.  As a result of certain court decisions and
regulatory developments, TDS has phased-out most of its CLEC operations that
relied on an unbundled network element-platform provided by incumbent
carriers.  Moreover, the further loss of some access and transport options as a
result of future developments would be unfavorable for TDS’ CLEC operations and
could negatively affect their ability to provide broadband services to end
users. 
 In
March 2010, the FCC released its National Broadband Plan (the “Plan”) which
describes the FCC’s goals for enhancing broadband availability and the methods
for achieving those goals over the next decade.  The FCC notes that about
one-half of the Plan will be addressed by the FCC, while the remainder would be
addressed by Congress, the Executive Branch and state and local governments
working closely with private and non-profit sectors.  TDS cannot predict
the outcome of these deliberations or what effects any final rules, regulations
or laws may have on its ability to compete in the provision of wireline and wireless
broadband services to its customer base. Changes in regulation or the amount or
distribution of USF funds to U.S. Cellular, TDS Telecom and other
telecommunications service providers could impact competition in certain of
U.S. Cellular’s and TDS Telecom’s service areas, and could have an adverse
effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In 2009, the FCC initiated a rulemaking proceeding designed to
codify its existing “Net Neutrality” principles and impose new requirements
that could have the effect of restricting the ability of internet service
providers to manage applications and content that traverse their networks.  In
December 2010, after a lengthy proceeding, which considered different
approaches, including the “reclassification” of internet access as “common
carrier” service under Title II of the Communications Act, the FCC adopted a
net neutrality rule based on its Title I “ancillary” authority to enforce
different parts of the Communications Act, which rule is now in effect. The
rule requires all providers of broadband internet access, including both fixed
(that is, telephone and cable) and wireless providers, to publicly disclose
accurate information regarding their network management practices, performance
and commercial terms sufficient for consumers to make informed choices
regarding the use of such services. The rule also prohibits all internet
providers from blocking consumers’ access to lawful websites, subject to reasonable
network management, and from blocking applications that compete with the
provider’s voice or video telephony services, also subject to reasonable
network management. The rule subjects the providers of fixed but not wireless
broadband internet access to a prohibition on “unreasonable discrimination” in
transmitting internet traffic over their networks, also subject to reasonable
network management. The exemption of wireless providers from this part of the
rule reflects a recognition of the capacity constraints and other “special
conditions” under which mobile broadband service is offered and the competitive
nature of evolving wireless networks. Thus, the FCC considered it appropriate in
2009 to take only the “measured steps” with respect to mobile broadband service
reflected in the rule. The order is controversial and has been challenged in
the courts.  On January 14, 2014, a three judge panel of the US Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated the “anti-blocking” and
“anti-discrimination” portions of the FCC’s net neutrality rules, leaving in
place the disclosure requirements of the rules. In a public statement made on
February 19, 2014, the Chairman of the FCC indicated that the agency does not
plan to appeal the Court’s decision, but will consider ways to achieve its
policy goals with respect to the “anti-blocking” and “anti-discrimination”
provisions within the authority allowed by the Court’s decision, in particular
authority granted under Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996.  
The Chairman proposed a new rulemaking proceeding to advance that process with
a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking anticipated later this year. TDS cannot predict
the outcome of this proceeding. 
 33</BCLPAGE> 
 TDS’ Cable business also provides
high-speed internet and digital voice services, as well as cable television
service. Regulatory risks relating to the Internet are substantially the same
for cable and wireline telephone companies.  With respect to voice services, Cable’s
business provides such services only through VoIP as opposed to traditional
circuit-switched voice service.  Although VoIP services may not be subject to
the same degree of FCC or state regulation as traditional circuit-switched
voice services, there is no assurance that the FCC and/or state regulatory
authorities will not determine to subject VoIP services to a greater degree of
regulations in the future.  With respect to cable television service, Cable’s
business is also subject to regulation by the FCC as a cable multiple systems
operator (“MSO”).  In addition, the operation of cable systems requires the MSO
to obtain franchises from state or local governmental authorities to occupy
public rights of way with network facilities.  These franchises typically are nonexclusive
and limited in time (subject to renewal), contain various conditions and
limitations, and provide for the payment of fees to the local authority. 
Additionally, these franchises often regulate the conditions of service and
technical performance and contain various types of restrictions on
transferability.  Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of a
franchise may give rise to rights of termination by the franchising authority. 
 HMS is subject to
varying degrees of regulation in each of the jurisdictions in which it
operates.  Federal, state, and local laws and regulations and their
interpretation and enforcement may be applicable and may differ significantly
among those jurisdictions.  These regulations and laws may cover taxation,
privacy, data protection, copyrights and other intellectual property,
electronic communications and regulations applicable to electronic products and
services.  These laws can be costly to comply with, can be a significant
diversion to management’s time and effort, and can subject TDS to claims or
other remedies, as well as negative publicity.  Many of these laws were adopted
prior to technological developments in the IT services industry and, as a
result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues that such industry and
related technologies produce.  Some of the laws that do reference such industry
and related technologies have been and continue to be interpreted by the
courts, but their applicability and scope remain largely uncertain. 
 TDS’
operations are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and
health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the
generation, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes.
TDS’ operations involve the use of materials such as petroleum fuel for
emergency generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions and other
materials. Unexpected events, equipment malfunctions and human error, among
other factors, can lead to violations of environmental laws, regulations or
permits. To the extent that TDS may be responsible under applicable laws,
regulations or leases for the removal or cleanup of hazardous substances or wastes
from properties that it owns or leases, the cost of such removal or cleanup
activities could be substantial. 
 Fluctuations
in the price of power can increase the cost of energy used by TDS’ businesses.
Federal legislative proposals have been considered that would, if adopted,
implement various forms of regulation or taxation to reduce or mitigate
greenhouse gas emissions. Some states have also considered or adopted laws
intended to limit fuel consumption and/or encourage the use of renewable energy
for the same purpose. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could increase the
costs of electricity or petroleum, and these cost increases could consequently
increase TDS’ costs for electricity or emergency generator fuels. TDS could be
directly subject to taxes, fees or costs, or could indirectly be required to
reimburse electricity providers for such costs as a result of such regulation. 
The impacts of climate change could increase costs of operation due to, for
example, higher maintenance and repair costs due to extreme weather events or
an increase in energy use in order to maintain the temperature of equipment
used in TDS’ operations. 
 In addition, new or amended regulatory requirements could
increase TDS’ costs and divert resources from other initiatives. 
 TDS attempts to timely and fully comply with all regulatory
requirements.  However, in certain circumstances, TDS may not be able to timely
or fully comply with all regulatory requirements due to various factors,
including changes to regulatory requirements, limitations in or availability of
technology, insufficient time provided for compliance, problems encountered in
attempting to comply or other factors.  Any failure by TDS to timely or fully
comply with any regulatory requirements could adversely affect TDS’ financial
condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 Changes
in Universal Service Fund (“USF”) funding and/or intercarrier compensation
could have an adverse impact on TDS’ business, financial condition or results
of operations. 
 USF and ICC Reform Order 
 . 
On November 18, 2011, pursuant to the Plan and subsequent notices of proposed
rulemaking, the FCC released a Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (“Reform Order”) adopting reforms of its universal service and
intercarrier compensation mechanisms, and proposing further rules to advance
reform.  The Reform Order substantially revised the USF high cost program and
intercarrier compensation regime.  The current USF program, which supports
voice services, began to be phased out in 2012.  As a replacement, the FCC is
adopting the Connect America Fund (“CAF”), a new Mobility Fund, and a Remote
Area Fund, which will collectively support broadband-capable networks.  Mobile
wireless carriers such as TDS are eligible to receive funds in both the CAF and
the Mobility Fund, although some areas that TDS currently serves may be
declared ineligible for support if they are already served, or are subject to
certain rights of first refusal by incumbent carriers. 
 The FCC has determined that both
wireline and wireless facilities should be supported, with one wireline carrier
and one mobile carrier receiving support in each area. 
 34</BCLPAGE> 
 For
wireline rate of return carriers such as TDS Telecom’s Wireline operations, the
Reform Order establishes a $2 billion fund that is intended to maintain
existing levels of support in the aggregate while at the same time
transitioning support mechanisms so that, over time, rate of return carriers
receive support for the deployment of wireline broadband facilities principally
through the CAF rather than through the intercarrier compensation regime.  To
effectuate the first phase of this effort, the Reform Order established
benchmarks that limit certain reimbursable capital and operating expenses for
determining High Cost Loop Support; reduces High Cost Loop Support on a
dollar-for-dollar basis where a carrier’s local rates are set below a specified
urban local rate floor; phases out safety net additive support; eliminates
local switching support; eliminates support for service areas that overlap with
the service areas of others; and imposes a $250 absolute cap on per line
support.  Although the Reform Order is intended to permit rate of return
carriers to recover any lost support through the explicit support mechanism in
the CAF, it remains unclear whether the CAF will provide TDS Telecom with the
same level of support over time that TDS Telecom receives today. 
 The Mobility Fund will be
implemented in two phases.  The Phase I Mobility Fund which was implemented in
2012 is designed to provide one-time funding through a reverse auction to fill
in coverage in “dead zones” that currently lack 3G wireless service.  In Phase
I, $300 million was allocated throughout the country and an additional $50
million was set aside for tribal lands.  The Phase II Mobility Fund will have a
budget of up to $500 million per year (up to $100 million of which is reserved
for tribal lands), with the method of disbursement to be determined in a
further NPRM.  Phase II funding will be provided to areas that lack “4G”
wireless service.  The CAF will support service to homes, businesses, and
anchor institutions, using any technology that can meet the technical
requirements. 
 The terms and rules for participating in the CAF for wireless ETCs have
not been developed yet by the FCC.  It is uncertain whether TDS will
obtain support through the CAF or Phase II of the Mobility Fund.  If TDS
is successful in obtaining support, it will be required to meet certain
regulatory conditions to obtain and retain the right to receive support
including, for example, allowing other carriers to colocate on TDS’ towers,
allowing voice and data roaming on U.S. Cellular’s network, and submitting
various reports and certifications to retain eligibility each year.  It is
possible that additional regulatory requirements will be imposed pursuant to
the FCC’s Reform Order. 
 TDS’
current ETC support is being phased down at the rate of 20% per year beginning
July 1, 2012.   If the Phase II Mobility Fund is not operational by
July 2014, the phase down will halt at that time and TDS will continue to
receive 60% of its baseline support until the Phase II Mobility Fund is
operational. 
 With respect to intercarrier
compensation, the Reform Order provides for a reduction in the charges that TDS
pays to wireline phone companies to transport and terminate calls that
originate on TDS’ network, which will reduce TDS’ operating expenses.  However,
TDS also receives revenue from other carriers to transport and terminate calls
that originate on those carriers’ networks.  As a general matter, the amount
and timeframe for these reductions will depend on the nature of the traffic at
issue.  In some cases, such as with the exchange of traffic between wireline
and wireless providers, the reduction is scheduled to occur quickly, whereas in
other cases, such as with the exchange of traffic between wireline rate of
return carriers, the reduction is scheduled to occur over a period of time. 
The fundamental goal of the Reform Order is to, over time, transition all
intercarrier compensation to a default “bill and keep” arrangement so that, in
the absence of some commercial arrangement, support for the deployment of
broadband services is based solely on funds received from the CAF.  As reductions
in intercarrier charges are to increase over the next five to ten years, TDS’ related
revenues and operating expenses are expected to decline.  The Reform Order was
accompanied by a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking comment on a
range of additional proposals.  Any future rulemaking that results from these
proposals could be important to TDS Telecom, as a number of the proposals are
relevant to rate of return carriers, such as TDS Telecom. 
 The FCC’s Reform Order, and any subsequent orders it adopts to
reform universal service and intercarrier compensation, are subject to judicial
review.  Multiple appeals of the Reform Order were consolidated and argued in
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10 
 Circuit on November 19, 2013,
with a decision anticipated in 2014.  At this time, TDS cannot predict the
timing or outcome of any such decision, or whether such decision or any future
rulemaking, reconsideration and legal challenges would result in a material
adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS also cannot predict the net effect of the FCC’s changes to
the USF high cost support program in the Reform Order or whether reductions in
support will be fully offset with additional support from the CAF or the
Mobility Fund.  Accordingly, TDS cannot predict whether such changes will have
a material adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of
operations. 
 10) 
 An
inability to attract and/or retain highly competent management, technical,
sales and other personnel could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS’ businesses are highly technical and competition for
skilled talent in the telecommunications and IT services industries is
aggressive.  Due to competition for qualified management, technical, sales and
other personnel, there can be no assurance that TDS will be able to continue to
attract and/or retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of its
business.  The loss of the services of existing key personnel as well as the
failure to recruit additional qualified personnel in a timely manner could have
an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of
operations. 
 35</BCLPAGE> 
 11) 
 TDS’ assets are concentrated primarily in the U.S. telecommunications
industry. As a result, its results of operations may fluctuate based on factors
related primarily to conditions in this industry. 
 TDS’ assets are concentrated primarily in the U.S.
telecommunications industry and the United States.  The U.S. telecommunications industry is facing significant change and an uncertain operating
environment.  Although TDS has diversified into HMS and the cable businesses, TDS’
revenue streams continue to be substantially comprised of its two principal
businesses, wireless and wireline telecommunications.  TDS’ focus on the U.S.
telecommunications industry, together with its positioning relative to larger
competitors with greater resources within the industry, may represent increased
risk for investors due to the lack of diversification.  This could have an
adverse effect on TDS’ ability to profitably sustain long-term revenue growth
and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or
results of operations. 
 12) 
 TDS’
lower scale relative to larger competitors could adversely affect its business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 There has been a trend in the telecommunications, IT services
and related industries in recent years towards consolidation of service
providers through acquisitions, reorganizations and joint ventures.  This trend
could continue, leading to larger competitors over time. TDS has lower scale
efficiencies compared to larger competitors.  TDS may be unable to compete
successfully with larger companies that have substantially greater financial,
technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources or that
offer more services than TDS, which could adversely affect TDS’ revenues and
costs of doing business.  Specifically, TDS’ smaller scale relative to most of
its competitors could have the following impacts, among others: 
 Increased operating costs due to lack of leverage with vendors; 
 Limited opportunities for strategic partnerships as potential partners
are focused on wireless, wireline and cable companies with greater scale; 
 Limited access to content and programming; 
 Limited access to wireless devices; 
 Limited ability to influence industry standards; 
 Reduced ability to invest in research and development of new
products and services; 
 Vendors may deem TDS non-strategic and not develop or sell
products and services to TDS, particularly where technical requirements differ
from those of larger companies; 
 Limited access to intellectual property; and 
 Other limited opportunities such as for software development,
third party distribution, and amortization of fixed costs. 
 TDS’ telecommunications businesses increasingly depend on
access to content for data, music or video services and access to new wireless
devices being developed by vendors.  TDS’ ability to obtain such access depends
in part on other parties.  If TDS is unable to obtain timely access to new content
or wireless devices being developed by vendors, its business, financial
condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 As a result of the foregoing, TDS’ lower scale relative to
larger competitors could adversely affect TDS’ business, financial condition or
results of operations. 
 13) 
 Changes
in various business factors could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes
in any of several factors could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations.  These factors include, but are
not limited to: 
 Demand for or usage of services, particularly data services; 
 Customer preferences, including internet speed and type of
wireless devices; 
 Customer perceptions of network quality and performance; 
 The pricing of services; 
 Access to and cost of programming; 
 The overall size and growth rate of TDS’ customer base; 
 Average revenue per customer; 
 Penetration rates; 
 Churn rates; 
 Selling expenses; 
 Net customer acquisition and retention costs; 
 Customers’ ability to pay for services and the potential impact
on bad debts expense; 
 Roaming agreements and rates; 
 36</BCLPAGE> 
 Third-party vendor support; 
 The mix of products and services offered by TDS and purchased by
customers; and 
 The costs of providing products and services. 
 14) 
 Advances or changes in
technology could render certain technologies used by TDS obsolete, could put
TDS at a competitive disadvantage, could reduce TDS’ revenues or could increase
its costs of doing business. 
 The telecommunications and IT services
industries are experiencing significant technological change.  In the
telecommunications industry, this is evidenced by evolving industry standards,
ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology, shorter
development cycles for new services, and products, and enhancements and changes
in end-user requirements and preferences.  Widespread deployment of new technologies
could cause the technology used on TDS’ wireless networks and traditional
circuit-switched telephone services to become less competitive or obsolete. 
Also, high speed wireless networks (“wireless broadband”) represent a product
offering and opportunity for TDS’ wireless business, but also represent a risk
for TDS’ Wireline business as customers may elect to substitute their wireline
broadband connection for wireless broadband.  Further, fixed-mobile convergence
services that combine wireline broadband services with mobile services
represent a competitive threat.  In addition, the IT services market is
characterized by rapidly changing technology and services.  TDS may not be able
to respond to such changes and implement new technology on a timely or
cost-effective basis, which could reduce its revenues or increase its costs of
doing business.  If TDS cannot keep pace with these technological changes or
other changes in the telecommunications or IT services industries over time,
its financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business could
be adversely affected. 
 15) 
 Complexities
associated with deploying new technologies present substantial risk. 
 Complexities associated with deploying new technologies
present substantial risk to TDS’ businesses. 
 TDS’ wireless business has selected 4G LTE technology as its
approach to address demand for services enabled by fourth generation wireless
technology.  The deployment of 4G LTE technology is impacted by a number of
technical challenges. 
 Manufacturers of wireless devices (“Original Equipment
Manufacturers” or “OEMs”) must design and manufacture equipment that operates
on the frequency bands available to TDS.  This may involve software and
hardware support for such bands in wireless device chipsets as well as
band-specific designs for components such as filters.  OEMs, chipset
manufacturers, and component manufacturers will likely prioritize the support
of frequency bands that are specified by the largest wireless carriers.  Given
TDS’ smaller scale relative to its competitors, certain bands of spectrum
licensed to TDS and its affiliates in certain cases represent a lower priority
for chipset and wireless device manufacturers.  As a result, the timing and the
availability of wireless devices to support TDS’ continued 4G LTE roll out could
be negatively impacted.  In addition, due to TDS’ relatively smaller scale, the
cost of such equipment could be higher for TDS than for TDS’ competitors. 
 Additionally, the efficiency of
LTE networks and the peak speeds they can provide are optimized when the
technology is deployed in larger channel bandwidths that, in early releases of LTE,
require larger amounts of contiguous spectrum.  To the extent that TDS’
competitors have access to larger contiguous spectrum positions, they may be
able to offer faster speeds or provision their networks more efficiently.  In
order for TDS to realize the same LTE data transfer speeds as competitors, it
is important that both network infrastructure and device manufacturers support non-contiguous
spectrum aggregation features for TDS. 
 Lack of wireless devices available to TDS to support its 4G LTE
network, comparatively smaller spectrum positions for 4G LTE deployments, or
carrier aggregation standards that result in TDS delivering slower 4G LTE data
transfer speeds relative to its competitors, could have an adverse impact on
TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 TDS’ Wireline business is deploying technologically advanced wireline
services including advanced DSL, fiber optic and Very-high-speed digital
subscriber line 2 (“VDSL2”) technologies. A significant amount of the product
development and integration risks are borne by TDS.  Further, the simultaneous
rollout of these advanced services and technologies increases the execution
risk.  If TDS fails to effectively deploy new technologies and products on a
timely basis, this could have an adverse impact on TDS’ business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 Cable’s business is also subject to complexities associated with
deploying new technologies and involves substantial risk, including rapid
technology changes.  If Cable’s business does not respond appropriately to
technology changes, its competitive position may be adversely affected. 
 The HMS business is also continuously evaluating and deploying advances
in technology relating to IT services.  If HMS fails to effectively deploy new
technologies and products on a timely basis, this could have an adverse impact
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 37</BCLPAGE> 
 16) 
 TDS is subject to numerous surcharges and fees from federal,
state and local governments, and the applicability and the amount of these fees
are subject to great uncertainty. 
 Telecommunications providers pay a
variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from interstate and
intrastate services, including USF fees and common carrier regulatory fees. The
division of services between interstate services and intrastate services,
including the divisions associated with the federal USF fees, is a matter of
interpretation and may in the future be contested by the FCC or state
authorities. The FCC also may change in the future the basis on which federal
USF fees are charged. The Federal government and many states also apply
transaction-based taxes to sales of TDS products and services and to purchases
of telecommunications services from various carriers. In addition, state
regulators and local governments have imposed and may continue to impose
various surcharges, taxes and fees on TDS services. The applicability of these
surcharges and fees to its services is uncertain in many cases and
jurisdictions may contest whether TDS has assessed and remitted those monies
correctly.  Periodically state and federal regulators may increase or change
the surcharges and fees TDS currently pays.  In some instances TDS passes
through these charges to its customers.  However, Congress, the FCC, state
regulatory agencies or state legislatures may limit the ability to pass through
transaction-based tax liabilities, regulatory surcharges and regulatory fees
imposed on TDS to customers.  TDS may or may not be able to recover some or all
of those taxes from its customers and the amount of taxes may deter demand for
its services or increase its cost to provide service which could have an
adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results. 
 17) 
 Performance
under device purchase agreements could have a material adverse impact on TDS'
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In March
2013, U.S. Cellular entered into an agreement with Apple to purchase certain
minimum quantities of iPhone products over a three-year period beginning in
November 2013.  TDS may enter into similar purchase commitments with other
vendors in the future.  If TDS is unable to sell all of the devices that it is
required to purchase under such agreements, or if it is unable to sell them at
the prices it projects, its business, financial condition or results of
operations could be adversely affected. 
 18) 
 Changes
in TDS’ enterprise value, changes in the market supply or demand for wireless
licenses, wireline or cable markets or IT service providers, adverse
developments in the businesses or the industries in which TDS is involved
and/or other factors could require TDS to recognize impairments in the carrying
value of its licenses, goodwill, franchise rights and/or physical assets. 
 A large portion of TDS’ assets consists of indefinite-lived intangible
assets in the form of licenses, goodwill and franchise rights.  TDS also has
substantial investments in long-lived assets such as property, plant and
equipment.  TDS reviews its licenses, goodwill, franchise rights and other
long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. 
An impairment loss may need to be recognized to the extent the carrying value
of the assets exceeds the fair value of such assets.  The amount of any such
impairment loss could be significant and could have an adverse effect on TDS’
reported financial results for the period in which the loss is recognized.  The
estimation of fair values requires assumptions by management about factors that
are uncertain including future cash flows, the appropriate discount rate and
other factors.  Different assumptions for these factors could create materially
different results. 
 19) 
 Costs,
integration problems or other factors associated with acquisitions,
divestitures or exchanges of properties or licenses and/or expansion of TDS’
businesses could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition
or results of operations. 
 As part of TDS’ operating strategy, TDS from time to time may
be engaged in the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies,
businesses, strategic properties, wireless spectrum or other assets.  TDS may
change the markets in which it operates and the services that it provides
through such acquisitions, divestitures and/or exchanges.  In general, TDS may
not disclose the negotiation of such transactions until a definitive agreement
has been reached.   These transactions commonly involve a number of risks,
including: 
 Identification of attractive companies, businesses, properties,
spectrum or other assets for acquisition or exchange, and/or the selection of
TDS’ businesses or assets for divestiture or exchange; 
 Competition for acquisition targets and the ability to acquire or
exchange businesses at reasonable prices; 
 Possible lack of buyers for businesses or assets that TDS desires
to divest and the ability to divest or exchange such businesses or assets at
reasonable prices; 
 Ability to negotiate favorable terms and conditions for
acquisitions, divestitures and exchanges; 
 Significant expenditures associated with acquisitions,
divestitures and exchanges; 
 Legal and regulatory risks associated with new businesses or
markets; 
 Ability to enter markets in which TDS has limited or no direct
prior experience and competitors have stronger positions; 
 Ability to manage businesses that are engaged in activities other
than traditional wireline and wireless service, including cable businesses and
hosted and managed services businesses; 
 38</BCLPAGE> 
 Uncertain revenues and expenses associated with acquisitions,
with the result that TDS may not realize the growth in revenues, anticipated
cost structure, profitability, or return on investment that it expects; 
 Difficulty of integrating the technologies, services, products,
operations and personnel of the acquired businesses, or of separating such
matters for divested businesses or assets; 
 Diversion of management’s attention; 
 Disruption of ongoing business; 
 Impact on TDS’ cash and available credit lines for use in
financing future growth and working capital needs; 
 Inability to retain key personnel; 
 Inability to successfully incorporate acquired assets and rights
into TDS’ service offerings; 
 Inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and
policies; 
 Possible conditions to approval by the FCC, the Federal Trade
Commission and/or the Department of Justice; and 
 Impairment of relationships with employees, customers or vendors. 
 No assurance can be given that TDS will be successful with
respect to its acquisition, divestiture or exchange strategies or initiatives. 
If TDS is not successful with respect to its acquisitions, divestitures or
exchanges, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be
adversely affected. 
 20) 
 A
significant portion of TDS’ wireless revenues is derived from customers who buy
services through independent agents who market TDS’ services on a commission
basis and third-party national retailers. If TDS’ relationships with these
agents or third-party national retailers are seriously harmed, its business,
financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 TDS has relationships with agents and third-party national
retailers to obtain customers.  Agents are independent business people who
obtain customers for TDS on a commission basis.  TDS’ agents and third-party national
retailers are generally in the business of selling wireless devices, wireless
service packages and other related products. 
 TDS’ business and growth depends, in part, on the maintenance
of satisfactory relationships with its agents and third-party national
retailers.  If such relationships are seriously harmed or if such parties
experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, TDS’ revenues and, as
a result, its business, financial condition or results of operations, could be
adversely affected. 
 21) 
 TDS’
investments in unproven technologies may not produce the benefits that TDS
expects. 
 TDS is making investments in various new technologies and
service and product offerings.  These investments include technologies for
enhanced data service offerings, IPTV, cable and IT services.  TDS expects new
services, products and solutions based on these new technologies to contribute
to future growth in its revenues.  However, the markets for some of these
services, products and solutions are still emerging and the overall potential
for these markets remains uncertain.  If customer demand for these new
services, products and solutions does not develop as expected, TDS’ business, financial
condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 22) 
 A
failure by TDS to complete significant network construction and systems
implementation activities as part of its plans to improve the quality,
coverage, capabilities and capacity of its networks and support systems could
have an adverse effect on its operations. 
 TDS’ business plan includes significant construction
activities and enhancements to its network, support and other systems and
infrastructure.  In connection therewith, TDS must, among other things,
continue to: 
 Lease, acquire or otherwise obtain rights to cell and switch
sites, data centers relating to IT services or other facilities; 
 Obtain zoning variances or other local governmental or
third-party approvals or permits for network construction; 
 Complete and update the radio frequency design, including cell
site design, frequency planning and network optimization, for each of TDS’ wireless
markets; and 
 Improve, expand and maintain customer care, network management,
billing and other financial and management systems. 
 Any difficulties encountered in completing these activities,
as well as problems in vendor equipment availability, technical resources,
system performance or system adequacy, could delay expansion of operations and
product capabilities in new or existing markets or result in increased costs. 
Failure to successfully build-out and enhance TDS’ network, support facilities
and other systems and infrastructure in a cost-effective manner, and in a
manner that satisfies customer expectations, could have an adverse effect on
TDS’ business, business prospects, financial condition or results of
operations. 
 39</BCLPAGE> 
 23) 
 Financial difficulties
(including bankruptcy proceedings) or other operational difficulties of TDS’
key suppliers, termination or impairment of TDS’ relationships with such
suppliers, or a failure by TDS to manage its supply chain effectively could
result in delays or termination of TDS’ receipt of required equipment or
services, or could result in excess quantities of required equipment or
services, any of which could adversely affect TDS’ business, financial
condition or results of operations. 
 TDS depends upon certain vendors to
provide it with equipment, services or content to continue its network
construction and upgrade and to operate its business.  TDS does not have
operational or financial control over such key suppliers and has limited
influence with respect to the manner in which these key suppliers conduct their
businesses.  If these key suppliers experience financial difficulties or file
for bankruptcy or experience other operational difficulties, they may be unable
to provide equipment, services or content to TDS on a timely basis or cease to
provide such equipment, services or content or otherwise fail to honor their
obligations to TDS. 
 Regulations regarding the use of “conflict minerals” mined
from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries may affect some
of TDS’ suppliers.  These regulations may limit the availability of conflict
free minerals and, as a result, TDS may not be able to obtain products in
sufficient quantities or at competitive prices from its vendors who utilize
such minerals in the manufacture of products. 
 In such cases, TDS may be unable to maintain and upgrade its
network or provide products and services to its customers in a competitive
manner, or could suffer other disruptions to its business.  In that event, TDS’
business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely
affected. 
 In addition, operation of TDS’ supply chain and management of
its inventory require accurate forecasting of customer growth and demand, which
has become increasingly challenging.  If overall demand for wireless
devices or the mix of demand for wireless devices is significantly different
than TDS’ expectations, TDS could face inadequate or excess supplies of
particular models of wireless devices.  This could result in lost sales
opportunities or an excess supply of inventory.  Either of these
situations could adversely affect TDS’ revenues, costs of doing business,
results of operations or financial condition. 
 24) 
 TDS has
significant investments in entities that it does not control. Losses in the
value of such investments could have an adverse effect on TDS’ financial
condition or results of operations. 
 TDS has significant investments in entities that it does not
control, including a 5.5% ownership interest in the Los Angeles SMSA Limited
Partnership (the “LA Partnership”) and a limited partnership interest in King
Street Wireless L.P.  TDS’ interests in such entities do not provide TDS with
control over the business strategy, financial goals, build-out plans or other
operational aspects of these entities.  TDS cannot provide assurance that these
entities will operate in a manner that will increase the value of TDS’
investments, that TDS’ proportionate share of income from the LA Partnership and
other investments will continue at the current level in the future or that TDS
will not incur losses from the holding of such investments.  Losses in the
values of such investments or a reduction in income from the LA Partnership or
other investments could adversely affect TDS’ financial condition or results of
operations. 
 25) 
 A failure by
TDS to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information
technology, or a material disruption thereof, including breaches of network or
information technology security, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS relies extensively on its telecommunication networks and
information technology to operate and manage its businesses, process
transactions and summarize and report results.  These networks and technology
become obsolete over time and must be upgraded, replaced and/or otherwise
enhanced over time.  Enhancements must be more flexible and robust than ever
before.  All of this is capital intensive and challenging.  A failure by TDS to
maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information
technology could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition
or results of operations. 
 The increased provision of data services including IPTV has
introduced significant new demands on TDS’ network and has also increased
complexities related to network management.  As it relates to Wireline’s
networks, the transition to new IP-based networks from well-established
time-division multiplexing networks requires new support tools and technician
skills.  Further, this transition requires the use of more leased facilities
and partnerships which require enhanced network monitoring and controls.  The
IP-based networks also generally require more electronics on customers’
premises which introduces more technical risks and makes diagnostics and
repairs more difficult. 
 40</BCLPAGE> 
 Further, the increased provision of
data services on TDS’ networks has created an increased level of risk related
to quality of service.  This is due to the fact that many customers
increasingly rely on data communications to execute and validate transactions. 
As a result, redundancy and geographical diversity of TDS’ network facilities
are critical to providing uninterrupted service.  Also, the speed of repair and
maintenance procedures in the event of network interruptions is critical to
maintaining customer satisfaction.  TDS’ ability to maintain high quality,
uninterrupted service to its customers is critical, particularly given the
increasingly competitive environment and customers’ ability to choose other
service providers. 
 In addition, TDS’ networks and information technology and the
networks and information technology of vendors on which TDS relies are subject
to damage or interruption due to various events, including power outages,
computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security
breaches, hackers and other cyber security risks, catastrophic events, natural
disasters, errors or unauthorized actions by employees and vendors, flawed
conversion of systems, disruptive technologies and technology changes.  TDS
experiences cyber-attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis.  TDS maintains
administrative, technical and physical controls, as well as other preventative
actions, to reduce the risk of security breaches.  Although to date TDS has not
experienced a material security breach, these efforts may be insufficient to
prevent a security breach stemming from future cyber-attacks.  If TDS’ or its
vendors’ networks and information technology are not adequately adapted to
changes in technology or are damaged or fail to function properly, and/or if
TDS’ or its vendors’ security is breached or otherwise compromised, TDS could
suffer adverse consequences, including theft, destruction or other loss of
critical and private data, including customer and/or employee data,
interruptions or delays in its operations, inaccurate billings, inaccurate
financial reporting, and significant costs to remedy the problems.  If TDS’ or
its vendors’ systems become unavailable or suffer a security breach of customer
or other data, TDS may be required to expend significant resources and take
various actions to address the problems, including notification under data
privacy laws and regulations, may be subject to fines, sanctions and
litigation, and its reputation and operating results could be adversely
affected.  Such events may also cause TDS to fail to satisfy service level
commitments to customers of its IT services.  Any material disruption in TDS’
networks or information technology, including security breaches, could have an
adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 26) 
 Wars,
conflicts, hostilities and/or terrorist attacks or equipment failures, power
outages, natural disasters or other events could have an adverse effect on TDS’
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Wars, conflicts, hostilities, terrorist attacks, major
equipment failures, power outages, natural disasters, or similar disasters or
failures that affect TDS’ wireless or wireline telephone switching offices,
information systems, microwave links, third-party owned local and long-distance
networks on which TDS relies, TDS’ cell sites, data centers or other equipment
or the networks of other providers and vendors which TDS or its customers use
or on which customers roam could have an adverse effect on TDS’ operations.  Although
TDS has certain back-up and similar arrangements, TDS has not established a
formal, comprehensive business continuity or emergency response plan at this
time.  As a result, under certain circumstances, TDS may not be prepared to
continue its operations, respond to emergencies or recover from disasters or
other similar events.  TDS’ inability to operate its telecommunications systems
or access or operate its information systems even for a limited time period may
result in a loss of customers or impair TDS’ ability to serve customers or
attract new customers, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 27) 
 The
market price of TDS’ Common Shares is subject to fluctuations due to a variety of
factors. 
 Factors that may affect the future market price of TDS’ Common
Shares include: 
 General economic conditions, including conditions in the credit
and financial markets; 
 Industry conditions; 
 Fluctuations in TDS’ quarterly customer additions, churn rate,
revenues, results of operations or cash flows; 
 Variations between TDS’ actual financial and operating results
and those expected by analysts and investors; and 
 Announcements by TDS’ competitors. 
 Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the
future market price of TDS’ Common Shares, or could cause the future market
price of TDS’ Common Shares to fluctuate from time to time. 
 28) 
 Identification
of errors in financial information or disclosures could require amendments to
or restatements of financial information or disclosures included in this or
prior filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  Such
amendments or restatements and related matters, including resulting delays in
filing periodic reports with the SEC, could have an adverse effect on TDS’
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS prepares its consolidated financial statement in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and files such financial statements with the SEC in
accordance with the SEC’s rules and regulations.  The possible
identification of any errors in such prior filings with the SEC could require
restatements of financial information or amendments to disclosures included in
this or prior filings with the SEC. 
 41</BCLPAGE> 
 Restatements and delays in filing reports with the SEC
could have adverse consequences, including the following:  TDS’ credit ratings
could be downgraded, which would result in an increase in its borrowing costs
and could make it more difficult for TDS to borrow funds on satisfactory
terms.  The lenders on TDS’ and U.S. Cellular’s revolving credit agreements
could refuse to waive a default or extend a waiver of default, impose
restrictive covenants or conditions or require increased payments and fees. 
The holders of debt under TDS’ indentures could attempt to assert a default
and, if successful and TDS does not cure the default in a timely manner,
accelerate the repayment date of such debt.  The New York Stock Exchange could
begin delisting proceedings with respect to the TDS Common Shares and TDS debt
that is listed thereon.  TDS may not be able to use or file shelf registration
statements on Form S-3 for an extended period of time, which may limit TDS’
ability to access the capital markets.  TDS may not be able to use
Form S-8 registration statements relating to its employee benefit plans,
which may have an adverse effect on TDS’ ability to attract and retain
employees.  TDS also could face shareholder litigation or SEC enforcement
action. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
 29) 
 The existence
of material weaknesses in the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting could result in inaccurate financial statements or other disclosures
or failure to prevent fraud, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, TDS is required to furnish a report of management’s assessment of the
design and effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as
part of its Form 10-K filed with the SEC.  TDS management also is required
to report on the effectiveness of TDS’ disclosure controls and procedures.  The
independent auditors of TDS are required to attest to, and report on, the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.  Material weaknesses
could result in inaccurate financial statements or other disclosures or failure
to prevent fraud, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business,
financial condition or results of operations.  Further, if TDS does not
successfully remediate any known material weaknesses in a timely manner, it
could be subject to sanctions by regulatory authorities such as the SEC, it
could fail to timely meet its regulatory reporting obligations, or investor
perceptions could be negatively affected; each of these potential consequences
could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results
of operations. 
 30) 
 Changes
in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information that affects
the calculation of potential liabilities for contingent obligations under
guarantees, indemnities, claims, litigation or otherwise, could require TDS to
record charges in excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements, if
any, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition
or results of operations. 
 The preparation of financial statements requires TDS to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period.  TDS bases its estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions and information that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.  Actual
results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Changes in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information that
affects the calculation of potential liabilities for contingent obligations
under guarantees, indemnities, claims, litigation or otherwise, could require
TDS to record charges in excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements,
if any, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial
condition or results of operations. 
 31) 
 Disruption in
credit or other financial markets, a deterioration of U.S. or global economic
conditions or other events could, among other things, impede TDS’ access to or
increase the cost of financing its operating and investment activities and/or
result in reduced revenues and lower operating income and cash flows, which
would have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results
of operations. 
 Disruptions in the credit and financial markets, declines in
consumer confidence, increases in unemployment, declines in economic growth and
uncertainty about corporate earnings could have a significant negative impact
on the U.S. and global financial and credit markets and the overall economy. 
Such events could have an adverse impact on financial institutions resulting in
limited access to capital and credit for many companies. Furthermore, economic
uncertainties make it very difficult to accurately forecast and plan future
business activities.  Changes in economic conditions, changes in financial
markets, deterioration in the capital markets or other factors could have an
adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition, revenues, results of
operations and cash flows. 
 32) 
 Uncertainty
of TDS’ ability to access capital, deterioration in the capital markets, other
changes in market conditions, changes in TDS’ credit ratings or other factors
could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices
acceptable to TDS, which could require TDS to reduce its construction,
development or acquisition programs. 
 42</BCLPAGE> 
 TDS and its subsidiaries operate
capital-intensive businesses.  TDS has used internally-generated funds and has
also obtained substantial funds from external sources to finance the build-out
and enhancement of markets, to fund acquisitions and for general corporate
purposes.  TDS also may require substantial additional capital for, among other
uses, acquisitions of providers of wireless or wireline telecommunications
services, cable markets, IT services or other businesses, spectrum license or
system acquisitions, system development and network capacity expansion.  There
can be no assurance that sufficient funds will continue to be available to TDS
or its subsidiaries on terms or at prices acceptable to TDS.  Changes in TDS’
credit ratings, uncertainty of access to capital for telecommunications
companies, deterioration in the capital markets, reduced regulatory capital at
banks which in turn limits their ability to borrow and lend, other changes in
market conditions or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of
financing on terms and prices acceptable to TDS, which could require TDS to
reduce its construction, development and acquisition programs.  Reduction of
TDS’ construction, development and acquisition programs likely would have a
negative impact on TDS’ consolidated revenues, income and cash flows. 
 33) 
 Settlements,
judgments, restraints on its current or future manner of doing business and/or
legal costs resulting from pending and future litigation could have an adverse
effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS is regularly involved in a number of legal and policy proceedings
before the FCC and various state and federal courts.  Such legal and policy proceedings
can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive to business operations
by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. 
 The assessment of legal and policy proceedings is a highly
subjective process that requires judgments about future events.  Additionally,
amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or resolution of litigation
and other contingencies may differ materially from amounts accrued in the
financial statements.  Depending on a range of factors, these or similar
proceedings could impose restraints on TDS’ current or future manner of doing
business.  Such potential outcomes could have an adverse effect on TDS’
financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 34) 
 The
possible development of adverse precedent in litigation or conclusions in
professional studies to the effect that radio frequency emissions from wireless
devices and/or cell sites cause harmful health consequences, including cancer
or tumors, or may interfere with various electronic medical devices such as
pacemakers, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ wireless business, financial
condition or results of operations. 
 Media reports and certain professional studies have suggested
that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless devices may be linked to
various health problems, including cancer or tumors, and may interfere with
various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers.  U.S.
Cellular is a party to and may in the future be a party to lawsuits against
wireless carriers and other parties claiming damages for alleged health
effects, including cancer or tumors, arising from wireless phones or radio
frequency transmitters.  Concerns over radio frequency emissions may discourage
use of wireless devices or expose TDS to potential litigation.  In addition,
the FCC or other regulatory authorities may adopt regulations in response to
concerns about radio frequency emissions.  Any resulting decrease in demand for
wireless services, costs of litigation and damage awards or regulation could have
an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of
operations. 
 In addition, some studies have indicated that some aspects of
using wireless devices while driving may impair drivers’ attention in certain
circumstances, making accidents more likely.  These concerns could lead to
potential litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injuries,
any of which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition
or results of operations. 
 Numerous state and local legislative bodies have enacted or proposed
legislation restricting or prohibiting the use of wireless devices while
driving motor vehicles.  These enacted or proposed laws or other similar laws,
if passed, could have the effect of reducing customer usage and/or increasing
costs, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial
condition, or results of operations. 
 43</BCLPAGE> 
 35) 
 Claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary
rights of others, primarily involving patent infringement claims, could prevent
TDS from using necessary technology to provide products or services or subject
TDS to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties, which
could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results
of operations. 
 TDS faces possible effects of industry
litigation relating to patents, other intellectual property or otherwise, that
may restrict TDS’ access to devices for sale to customers.  If technology that
TDS uses in products or services were determined by a court to infringe a
patent or other intellectual property right held by another person, TDS could
be precluded from using that technology and could be required to pay
significant monetary damages.  TDS also may be required to pay significant
royalties to such person to continue to use such technology in the future.  The
successful enforcement of any intellectual property rights, or TDS’ inability
to negotiate a license for such rights on acceptable terms, could force TDS to
cease using the relevant technology and offering services incorporating the
technology.  Any litigation to determine the validity of claims that TDS’
products or services infringe or may infringe intellectual property rights of
another, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly and divert
the effort and attention of TDS’ management and technical personnel.  Regardless
of the merits of any specific claim, TDS cannot give assurance that it would
prevail in litigation because of the complex technical issues and inherent
uncertainties in intellectual property litigation.  Although TDS generally
seeks to obtain indemnification agreements from vendors that provide it with
technology, there can be no assurance that any claim of infringement will be
covered by an indemnity or that TDS will be able to recover all or any of its
losses and costs under any available indemnity agreements.  Any claims of
infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others could
prevent TDS from using necessary technology to provide its services or subject
TDS to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties, which
could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results
of operations. 
 36) 
 Certain
matters, such as control by the TDS Voting Trust and provisions in the TDS
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, may serve to discourage or make more
difficult a change in control of TDS. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and
the TDS bylaws contain provisions which may serve to discourage or make more
difficult a change in control of TDS without the support of the TDS Voting
Trust and the TDS Board of Directors or without meeting various other
conditions. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
authorizes the issuance of different series of common stock, which have
different voting rights.  The TDS Series A Common Shares have the power to
elect approximately 75% (less one) of the directors and have ten votes per
share in matters other than the election of directors.  The TDS Common Shares
(with one vote per share) vote as a separate group only with respect to the
election of 25% (plus one) of the directors.  In addition, the total percentage
voting power in matters other than the election of directors of the Series A
Common Shares and Common Shares are fixed, at 56.7% and 43.3%, respectively,
subject to adjustment due to changes in the number of outstanding Series A
Common Shares. 
 A substantial majority of the outstanding TDS Series A
Common Shares are held in the TDS Voting Trust which expires on June 30,
2035.  The TDS Voting Trust was created to facilitate the long-standing
relationships among the trustees’ certificate holders.  By virtue of the number
of shares held by them, the voting trustees have the power to elect eight
directors based on the current TDS Board of Directors’ size of twelve
directors, and control a majority of the voting power of TDS with respect to
matters other than the election of directors. 
 The existence of the TDS Voting Trust is likely to deter any
potential unsolicited or hostile takeover attempts or other efforts to obtain
control of TDS and may make it more difficult for shareholders to sell shares
of TDS at higher than market prices.  The trustees of the TDS Voting Trust have
advised TDS that they intend to maintain the ability to keep or dispose of
voting control of TDS. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
also authorizes the TDS Board of Directors to designate and issue TDS
Undesignated Shares in one or more classes or series of preferred or common
stock from time to time.  Generally, no further action or authorization by the
shareholders is necessary prior to the designation or issuance of the
additional TDS Undesignated Shares authorized pursuant to the TDS Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended, unless applicable laws or regulations would
require such approval in a given instance.  Such TDS Undesignated Shares could
be issued in circumstances that would serve to preserve control of TDS’ then
existing management. 
 In addition, the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as
amended, includes a provision which authorizes the TDS Board of Directors to consider
various factors, including effects on customers, taxes, and the long-term and
short-term interests of TDS, in the context of a proposal or offer to acquire
or merge the corporation, or to sell its assets, and to reject such offer if
the TDS Board of Directors determines that the proposal is not in the best
interests of the corporation based on such factors. 
 44</BCLPAGE> 
 The provisions
of the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and the TDS
bylaws and the existence of various classes of capital stock could prevent
shareholders from profiting from an increase in the market value of their
shares as a result of a change in control of TDS by delaying or preventing such
change in control. 
 37) 
 Any of the foregoing
events or other events could cause revenues, earnings, capital expenditures
and/or any other financial or statistical information to vary from TDS’
forward-looking estimates by a material amount. 
 From time to time, TDS may disclose
forward-looking information, including estimates of future service revenues; income
before income taxes; and/or capital expenditures.  Any such forward-looking
information includes consideration of known or anticipated changes to the
extent disclosed, but dynamic market conditions and/or other unknown or
unanticipated events, including but not limited to the risks discussed above,
could cause such estimates to differ materially from the actual amounts.