Location and Company Information 
 TDS executive offices are located at 30 
 North LaSalle Street, Suite 4000, Chicago, Illinois 60602.  TDS’ teleph 
 one number is 312-630-1900.  TDS’ website is 
 www.tdsinc.com.  TDS files with, or furnishes to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, as well as various other 
 information.  Anyone may access, free of charge, through the Investor Relations portion of the website, the TDS annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished purs 
 uant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 (“Exchange Act”) 
 , as soon as reasonably practical after such material is electronically filed with the SEC.  The public may read and copy any materials TDS files with the SEC 
 at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington D.C. 20549.  The public may obtain information on the operation of the Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-732-0330.  The public may also view electronic filings of TDS by accessing 
 SEC filings at www.sec.gov. 
 U.S. Cellular executive offices 
 are located at 
 8410 West Bryn Mawr A 
 venue, Chicago, Illinois 60631. U.S. Cellular’s 
 telephone number 
 is 773-399-8900 
 U.S. Cellular’s website address is www.uscellular.com.  U.S. Cellular files with, or furnishes to, the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, as well as various other 
 information.  Investors may access, free of charge, through the Investor Relations portion of the website, U.S. Cellular’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports filed or fu 
 rnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practical after such material is filed electronically with the SEC.  The public may read and copy any materials U.S. Cellular files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Refere 
 nce Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington D.C. 20549.  The public may obtain information on the operation of the Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-732-0330.  The public may also view electronic filings of U.S. Cellular 
 by accessing SEC filings at 
 ww.sec.gov. 
 Item 1A.  R 
 isk Factors 
 PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM 
 ACT OF 1995 
 SAFE HARBOR CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 This Annual Report on Form 
 10-K, including exhibits, contains statements that are not based on historical facts and represent forward-loo 
 king statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that TDS intends, expects, projects, believes, est 
 imates, plans or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements.  The words “believes,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “projects” and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking 
 statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them.  Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any 
 future results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include those set forth below under “Risk Factors” in this Form 
 10-K.  Each of the following risks could have a ma 
 terial adverse effect on TDS; however, such factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements co 
 ntained in this document.  Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on future results, performance or achievements.  TDS undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result o 
 f new information, future events or otherwise.  You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 
 10-K to understand the material risks relating to TDS’ business. 
 Risk 
 Factors 
 Competition in the wireless industry is intense and is expected to intensify further in the future due to the general effects of the economy, as well as multiple wireless industry factors such as increasing market penetration, decreasing customer churn rat 
 es, introduction of new products, new competitors and changing prices.  There is competition in pricing; handsets and other devices; network quality, coverage, speed and technologies; distribution; new entrants; and other categories.  In particular, wirele 
 ss competition includes aggressive promotional pricing to induce customers to switch carriers, which could result in switching activity and churn; data network speed is becoming a competitive differentiator; and there has been a resurgence of new entrants 
 to wireless markets including prepaid brands that have been purchased by national carriers.  TDS’ ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the telecommunications 
 industry.  TDS anticipates that competition will continue to cause the prices for products and services to continue to decline and the costs to compete to increase.  Most of TDS’ competitors are national or global telecommunications companies that are larg 
 er than TDS, possess greater financial and other resources, possess more extensive coverage areas and more spectrum within their coverage areas, and market other services with their communications services that TDS does not offer.  Further, other companies 
 that currently are less competitive may also add more efficient and superior low-band spectrum to become more competitive in TDS’ primary markets.  In particular, to the extent that existing competitors or new entrants acquire low-band (600 MHz) spectrum 
 in FCC Auction 1000 in 2016 in TDS markets, TDS could face increased competition over time from competitors which hold more efficient and superior low-band spectrum.  In addition, TDS may face competition from technologies that may be introduced in the fut 
 ure.  New technologies, services and products that are more commercially effective than the technologies, services and products offered by TDS may be developed.  Further, new technologies may be proprietary such that TDS is not able to adopt such technolog 
 ies.  There can be no assurance that TDS will be able to compete successfully in this environment. 
 Sources of competition to TDS’ wireless business typically include two to four competing wireless telecommunications service providers in each market, wire 
 line telecommunications service providers, cable companies, resellers (including mobile virtual network operators), and providers of other alternate telecommunications services.  Many of TDS’ wireless competitors and other competitors have substantially gr 
 eater financial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources than TDS. 
 Sources of competition to TDS’ Wireline business include, but are not limited to, resellers of local exchange services, interexchange carriers, RBOCs, satellite t 
 ransmission service providers, wireless communications providers, cable companies, access providers, CLECs, fiber overbuilders, VoIP providers and providers using other emerging technologies.  The Wireline CLEC business sources of competition include the s 
 ources identified above as well as the ILEC in each market, which enjoys competitive advantages, including its wireline connection to virtually all of the customers and potential customers of Wireline’s CLEC business, its established brand name, its lower 
 overhead costs, and its substantial financial resources.  Wireline’s CLEC business is typically required to discount services to win potential customers.  Further, this business may be negatively impacted if it cannot provide levels of bandwidth prospectiv 
 e customers demand due in large part to lack of availability of IP-based wholesale services at competitive prices.  In the future, TDS expects the number of its physical access lines served to continue to be adversely affected by wireless and broadband sub 
 stitution and by cable company competition. 
 Some of the specific risks presented by certain Wireline competitors include: 
 TDS’ Cable business also provides broadband, video and voice services, as well as cable television service.  Cable’s business faces sources of competition similar to the Wireline business, but with some differenc 
 es.  In particular, Cable does not typically compete against another cable company for broadband services, but competes against ILECs that primarily offer DSL-based services and may also offer fiber-based and other premium and enhanced data services.  Cabl 
 e provides VoIP services rather than traditional wireline voice connections and faces competition from other VoIP providers, but also faces competition from ILECs providing traditional wireline voice connections.  With respect to video, Cable also competes 
 against broadcast television, direct broadcast satellite providers, on-line video services, but may also compete against wireline providers which have begun to upgrade their networks to provide video services in addition to voice and high-speed internet a 
 ccess services. 
 Sources of competition for HMS’ business primarily include large diversified telecommunications and technology companies, as well as smaller independent companies that focus on mid-market companies.  In addition, new entrants may emerge and 
 grow rapidly creating additional sources of competition or companies may begin insourcing IT services.  The IT services market is large and complex, with a diverse array of segments in which performance and market dynamics vary considerably.  As a result 
 of these dynamics the IT services market is a highly competitive environment.  Therefore, the HMS business is increasingly required to assume greater potential contractual risk obligations, such as risks relating to the consequences of data breaches or una 
 uthorized disclosure of confidential customer information, in order to win new customer engagements.  In the event of such incidents, the HMS business could be materially adversely affected. 
 If TDS does not adapt to compete effectively in such a highly com 
 petitive environment, such competitive factors could result in product, service, pricing or cost disadvantages and could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The successful execution of business strategies, the o 
 ptimal allocation within TDS’ portfolio of assets and optimal capital allocation decisions depend on various internal and external factors, many of which are not in TDS’ control.  TDS’ ability to achieve projected financial results by implementing and exec 
 uting its business strategies and optimally allocating its assets and capital could be affected by such factors.  Such factors include but are not limited to pricing practices by competitors, relative scale, purchasing power, roaming and other strategic ag 
 reements, wireless device availability, timing of introduction of wireless devices, access to spectrum, emerging technologies, programming and retransmission costs, mid-market demand for cloud and hosted services and other factors.  In addition, there is n 
 o assurance that U.S. Cellular’s or TDS Telecom’s strategies will be successful.  Even if TDS executes its business strategies as intended, such strategies may not be successful in the long-term at achieving growth in customers, revenues, net income, or ge 
 nerating portfolio returns greater than TDS’ cost of capital.  In such case, there would be an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations.  TDS’ current forecast does not indicate that TDS will achieve a return on capita 
 l that exceeds its cost of capital over the near term.  See Item 1. Business for additional information on TDS’ business strategy. 
 U.S. Cellular is a regional wireless carrier, but competes primarily against much larger national wireless carriers with mu 
 ch greater resources.  Its business strategy in attempting to attract and retain wireless customers through a value proposition comprised of a high-quality network, outstanding customer service, and competitive devices, plans and pricing, all provided with 
 a local focus has not resulted in, and in the future may not result in performance that achieves returns in line with or above its cost of capital.  U.S. Cellular’s current forecast does not indicate that U.S. Cellular will achieve a return on capital tha 
 t exceeds its cost of capital in the near term.  U.S. Cellular also might be unable to adopt technologies, products and services as fast as it larger competitors.  As a result, consumers who are eager to adopt new technologies, products and services more q 
 uickly may select U.S. Cellular’s competitors rather than U.S. Cellular as their service provider.  To the extent that U.S. Cellular does not attract or retain these types of customers, U.S. Cellular could be at a competitive disadvantage and have a custom 
 er base that generates lower overall average revenue per unit (“ARPU”), average revenue per account (“ARPA”) and profit margins, relative to its competition. 
 TDS Telecom operates the Wireline, Cable and HMS segments.  Wireline and Cable each provide broadb 
 and, video and voice services and, as a result, have certain risks in common, but also have certain risks that are specific to that segment.  HMS provides a wide range of IT services and has risks that are not shared with the other business segments.  The 
 following summarizes the business strategy risks of the Wireline, Cable and HMS segments. 
 Although the overall strategy for the both the Wireline and Cable businesses includes owning the best pipe in its markets in order to capitalize on data growth and th 
 e customers need for higher broadband speeds, Wireline’s DSL-based services have several limitations compared to 
 DOCSIS technologies employed by cable companies.  In addition, the rural nature of Wireline’s markets make it more difficult to provide high-sp 
 eed products efficiently.  Wireline is also faced with other significant challenges, including customer connection and access minute declines in traditional wireline voice services, competition from cable, VoIP, wireless and other wireline providers as wel 
 l as decreases in intercarrier compensation received for the use of Wireline’s networks.  Wireline’s IPTV product has significant costs and risks relating to programming and retransmission and may not be able to fully pass these costs on to customers.  Wir 
 eline must continually adjust its cost structure as a result of these challenges.  A failure to develop and maintain an efficient cost structure would have an adverse effect on the Wireline business. 
 Similar to Wireline’s IPTV product, Cable’s business h 
 as significant costs and risks relating to programming and retransmission.  Such costs have been increasing and Cable’s business may not be able to fully pass these costs on to customers.  In addition, Cable’s business is limited in its ability to obtain p 
 rogramming at favorable costs and terms due to its small scale.  Although Cable’s business development strategy includes evaluating opportunities for possible further acquisitions of desirable cable companies on attractive terms to increase the scale of it 
 s business, there is no assurance that this strategy will be successful.  Also, Cable’s business may be affected by a wide range of regulatory or other issues, including matters pertaining to set-top boxes, equipment connectivity, content regulation, close 
 d captioning, pole attachments, privacy, copyright, technical standards, and municipal entry into video and broadband.  Further, changes in consumer behavior and/or new technologies are causing consumers to reduce or cancel their cable video services and i 
 nstead seek to obtain video on demand over the internet or through new technologies. 
 HMS’ 
 business strategy is to create, deliver and support a platform of IT products and services tailored for mid-sized business customers and grow the business organically 
 or through acquisitions.  HMS’ service platform provides the potential for expansion of current products and services to additional markets in or near HMS’ current footprint.  HMS may continue to make opportunistic acquisitions of companies that further s 
 trengthen its operating market areas and enter additional attractive markets.  However, there is no assurance that TDS will be successful in finding further opportunities for acquisitions of desirable companies. 
 The HMS business is faced with a number of 
 risks in its pursuit of its strategy, including:  the ability to successfully combine acquired companies to provide an integrated platform of IT produc 
 s and services; the rate of outsourcing IT needs and moving to the cloud by mid-sized business customers 
 the ability to sell recurring revenue streams; 
 and HMS’ limited scale when competing with larger competitors. 
 A failure by TDS to execute its business strategies successfully or to allocate resources or capital optimally could have an adverse effect on 
 TDS’ businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS and its subsidiaries operate capital-intensive businesses.  TDS has used internally-generated funds and has also obtained substantial funds from external sources for gene 
 ral corporate purposes.  In the past, TDS’ existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its revolving credit facilities, funds from other financing sources, including a term loan and other long-term debt, and cash flows from operating, inve 
 sting and financing activities, including sales of assets or businesses, provided sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for TDS to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements, to finance the build-out and enhancement o 
 f markets and to fund acquisitions.  There is no assurance that this will be the case in the future.  It may be necessary from time to time to increase the size of the existing revolving credit facilities, to put in place new credit facilities, or to obtai 
 n other forms of financing in order to fund potential expenditures.  TDS’ liquidity would be adversely affected if, among other things, TDS is unable to obtain short or long-term financing on acceptable terms, TDS makes spectrum license purchases in FCC au 
 ctions or from other parties, the LA Partnership does not resume or reduces distributions compared to prior historical levels and/or 
 Eligible Telecommunications Carrier 
 ETC 
 and/or other regulatory support payments continue to decline.  In addition, alt 
 hough sales of assets or businesses by TDS have been an important source of liquidity for TDS in recent periods, TDS does not expect a similar level of such sales in the future, which will reduce a source of liquidity for TDS.  In recent years, TDS’ credit 
 rating has declined to sub-investment grade.  In certain recent periods, TDS has incurred negative free cash flow 
 (defined as Cash flows from operating activities 
 less Cash used for additions t 
 o property, plant and equipment) 
 and this will continue in the 
 future if operating results do not improve 
 .  TDS currently expects to have negative 
 free cash flow in 2016.  TDS may require substantial additional capital for, among other uses, funding day-to-day operating needs, working capital, acquisitions of provide 
 rs of wireless or wireline telecommunications services, cable markets, IT services or other businesses, spectrum license or system acquisitions, system development and network capacity expansion, debt service requirements, the repurchase of shares, the pay 
 ment of dividends, or making additional investments.  There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will continue to be available to TDS or its subsidiaries on terms or at prices acceptable to TDS.  Insufficient cash flows from operating activities, chan 
 ges in its credit ratings, defaults of the terms of debt or credit agreements, uncertainty of access to capital, deterioration in the capital markets, reduced regulatory capital at banks which in turn limits their ability to borrow and lend, other changes 
 in the performance of TDS or in market conditions or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to TDS, which could require TDS to reduce its acquisition, capital expenditure and business development 
 programs, reduce the acquisition of spectrum licenses, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases and/or the payment of dividends.  TDS cannot provide assurances that circumstances that could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity or capital resourc 
 es will not occur.  Any of the foregoing would have an adverse impact on TDS’ businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS has a significant amount of indebtedness and may need to incur additional indebtedness.  TDS’ 
 level of indebtedness could have i 
 mportant consequences. For example, it 
 (i) 
 may limit 
 TDS’ 
 ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to 
 its 
 debt securities by rating organizations are revised downward; 
 (ii) 
 will require 
 TDS 
 to dedicate a substantial portion of 
 its 
 cash flow from operations to the payment of interest and principal on 
 its 
 debt, reducing the funds available to 
 TDS 
 for other purp 
 oses including expansion through acquisitions, capital expenditures, marketing spending and expansion of 
 its 
 business; and 
 (iii) 
 may limit 
 TDS’ 
 flexibility to adjust to changing business and market conditions and make 
 TDS 
 more vulnerable to a downturn in g 
 eneral economic conditions as compared to 
 TDS’ 
 competitors. 
 TDS’ ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance its obligations with respect to its indebtedness will depend on its financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prev 
 ailing economic and competitive conditions and other factors beyond its control.  In addition, TDS’ leverage may put it at a competitive disadvantage to some of its competitors that are not as leveraged. 
 The TDS and U.S. Cellular revolving credit facilit 
 ies and the U.S. Cellular term loan facility require TDS or U.S. Cellular, as applicable, to comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenants.  Depending on actual financial performance of TDS and U.S. Cellular, 
 there is a risk that TDS and/or U.S. Cellular could fail to satisfy the required financial covenants.  If TDS or U.S. Cellular breach a financial or other covenant of any of these agreements, it would result in a default under that agreement, and could in 
 volve a cross-default under other debt instruments.  This could in turn cause the affected lenders to accelerate the repayment of principal and accrued interest on any outstanding debt under such agreements and, if they choose, terminate the facility.   If 
 appropriate, TDS and U.S. Cellular may request the applicable lender for an amendment of financial covenants in the TDS and U.S. Cellular revolving credit facility and the U.S. Cellular term loan facility, in order to provide additional financial flexibil 
 ity to TDS and U.S. Cellular, and may also seek other changes to such facilities.  There is no assurance that the lenders will agree to any amendments.  If the lenders agree to amendments, this may result in additional payments or higher interest rates pay 
 able to the lenders and/or additional restrictions.  Restrictions in such debt instruments may limit TDS’ operating and financial flexibility. 
 As a result, TDS’ level of indebtedness, restrictions contained in debt instruments and/or possible breaches of 
 covenants, defaults, and acceleration of indebtedness could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition, revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 TDS’ revenues include roaming revenues related to the use of TDS’ network by other wireless carriers’ customers who travel within TDS’ coverage areas. 
 Changes in the network footprints of carriers due to mergers, acquisitio 
 ns or network expansions could have an adverse effect on TDS’ roaming revenues. 
 For example, consolidation among other carriers which have network footprints that currently overlap TDS’ network could decrease the amount of roaming revenues for TDS. 
 Simi 
 larly, 
 TDS’ wireless customers can access another carrier’s digital system automatically only if the other carrier allows TDS’ customers to roam on its network.  TDS relies on roaming agreements with other carriers to provide roaming capability to its cust 
 omers in areas of the U.S. and internationally outside of its service areas, including Mexico and Canada, and to improve coverage within selected areas of TDS’ network footprint.  Such agreements cover traditional voice services as well as data services. 
 Although TDS currently has long-term roaming agreements with certain other carriers, these agreements generally are subject to renewal and termination if certain events occur.  FCC rules and orders impose certain requirements on wireless carriers to offer 
 certain roaming arrangements to other carriers. However, carriers frequently disagree on what is required.  Although TDS has entered into 4G LTE roaming agreements with national carriers, there is no assurance that TDS will be able to maintain and/or enter 
 into new agreements to provide roaming services using 4G LTE or other 
 technologies 
 or that it will be able to do so on reasonable or cost effective terms. 
 Some competitors may be able to obtain lower roaming rates than TDS is able to obtain because they 
 have larger call volumes or may be able to reduce roaming charges by providing service principally over their own networks.  In addition, the quality of service that a wireless carrier delivers during a roaming call may be inferior to the quality of servic 
 e TDS provides, the price of a roaming call may not be competitive with prices of other wireless carriers for such call, and TDS’ customers may not be able to use some of the advanced features, such as voicemail notification or data applications, that TDS 
 customers enjoy when making calls on TDS’ network.  TDS’ rate of adoption of new technologies, such as those enabling high-speed data and voice services, could affect its ability to enter into or maintain roaming agreements with other carriers.  In additio 
 n, TDS’ wireless technology may not be compatible with technologies used by other carriers, which may limit the ability of TDS to enter into voice or data roaming agreements with such other carriers.  TDS’ roaming partners could switch their business to ne 
 w operators or, over time, to their own networks.  Changes in roaming usage patterns, rates for roaming minutes or data usage or relationships with carriers whose customers generate roaming minutes or data use on TDS’ network could have an adverse effect o 
 n TDS’ revenues and revenue growth.  Further, other carriers could negotiate higher roaming rates for accessing their networks, resulting in increased roaming expense for TDS. 
 To the extent that TDS’ key roaming partners expand their networks in TDS’ servi 
 ce areas, the roaming arrangements between TDS and these key roaming partners could become less strategic for the roaming partners.  That is, these key roaming partners will have fewer or less extensive geographic areas where roaming services are required 
 by their customers and, as a result, the roaming arrangements could become less critical to serving their customer base.  This presents a risk to TDS in that, to the extent TDS is not able to enter into economically viable roaming arrangements with key roa 
 ming partners, this could impact TDS’ ability to service its customers in geographic areas where TDS does not have its own network. 
 If TDS’ roaming revenues decline, roaming expenses increase, or if TDS is unable to obtain or maintain roaming agreements wi 
 th other wireless carriers that contain pricing and other terms that are competitive and acceptable to TDS, and that satisfy TDS’ quality and interoperability requirements, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affec 
 ted. 
 TDS’ wireless business depends on the ability to use portions of the radio spectrum licensed by the FCC.  TDS could fail to obtain access to sufficient spectrum capacity in new or existing critical markets, whether through FCC auctions or other tra 
 nsactions, in order to meet the anticipated spectrum requirements associated with increased demand for existing services, especially increases in customer demand for data services, and to enable deployment of next-generation services.  TDS believes that th 
 is increased demand for data services reflects a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future.  However, TDS could fail to accurately forecast its future spectrum requirements considering changes in customer usage patterns, technology requirements a 
 nd the expanded demands of new services.  Such a failure could have an adverse impact on the quality of TDS’ services or TDS’ ability to roll out such future services in some markets, or could require that TDS curtail existing services in order to make spe 
 ctrum available for next-generation services.  S 
 pectrum constrained providers could be effectively capped in increasing market share. 
 As spectrum constrained providers gain customers, they use up their network capacity. 
 Since they lack spectrum, they can 
 respond to demand only by adding cell sites, which is capital intensive, adds fixed operating costs, is limited by zoning considerations, and ultimately may not be cost effective. 
 TDS may acquire access to spectrum through a number of alternatives, incl 
 uding acquisitions, exchanges and participation in spectrum auctions.  TDS may participate in spectrum auctions conducted by the FCC in the future directly as an applicant or, to the extent available under FCC rules, indirectly as a non-controlling partner 
 of another applicant.  As required by law, the FCC has conducted auctions for licenses to use some parts of the radio spectrum.  The decision to conduct auctions, and the determination of what spectrum frequencies will be made available for auction and th 
 e determination of geographic size of licenses, are made by the FCC pursuant to laws that it administers.  The FCC may not be able to allocate spectrum sufficient to meet the demands of all those wishing to obtain licenses for new market entry or to expand 
 their spectrum holdings 
 to meet the expanding demand for data services or to address other spectrum constraints 
 .  Due to factors such as geographic size of licenses and auction bidders that may raise prices beyond acceptable levels, TDS may not be success 
 ful in FCC auctions in obtaining access to the spectrum that it believes is necessary to implement its business and technology strategies. 
 In addition, newly auctioned spectrum may not be compatible with existing spectrum, and vendors may not create suit 
 able products to use such spectrum. 
 Further, access to spectrum licenses won in FCC auctions may not be available on a timely basis.  Such access is dependent upon the FCC actually granting licenses won, which can be delayed for various reasons.  Furtherm 
 ore, newly licensed spectrum may not be available for immediate use since the radio operations of incumbent users, including in some cases government agencies, may need to be relocated to other portions of the radio spectrum, and/or the newly licensed spec 
 trum may be subject to sharing and coordination obligations for a period of time. 
 TDS also may seek to acquire radio spectrum through purchases and exchanges with other spectrum licensees.  However, TDS may not be able to acquire sufficient spectrum throu 
 gh these types of transactions, and TDS may not be able to complete any of these transactions on favorable terms. 
 From time to time, the FCC conducts auctions through which additional spectrum is made available for the provision of wireless services.  TDS h 
 as participated in such auctions in the past and may participate in other auctions conducted by the FCC in the future. 
 TDS may participate in spectrum auctions conducted by the FCC in the future directly as an applicant or, to the extent available under F 
 CC rules, indirectly as a non-controlling partner of another applicant. 
 FCC anti-collusion rules 
 place certain restrictions on business communications and disclosures by participants in an FCC auction.  These anti-collusion rules 
 may restrict the normal c 
 onduct of TDS’ business, TDS’ acquisition, divestiture, exchange and other corporate development activity and/or disclosures by TDS relating to an FCC auction, which could last three to six months or more.  The restrictions could have an adverse effect on 
 TDS’ business, financial 
 condition or results of operations. 
 In particular, in February 2016, U.S. Cellular filed an application to participate as a forward auction bidder for 600MHz broadcast television spectrum licenses in an FCC auction referred to as A 
 uction 1000.  Auction 1000 is expected to commence with the broadcaster initial commitment deadline on March 29, 2016.  Forward auction bidding is likely to begin 
 a couple of months 
 later and could continue for three months or longer. Due to the FCC’s anti 
 -collusion rules, TDS may not disclose any details relating to U.S. Cellular’s participation or information about whether or not it is a winning bidder unless and until it is announced as a winning bidder by the FCC. 
 To the extent that U.S. Cellular is a 
 winning bidder in the auction, it will be required to make payments to the FCC for the spectrum licenses, which payments could be substantial.  In such case, this would reduce TDS’ consolidated liquidity. 
 Due to changes in FCC rules, U.S. Cellular will 
 not be participating in Auction 1000 through a limited partnership that is a “designated entity” which qualifies for a discount of 25% on any licenses won in the auction, as U.S. Cellular has done in 
 certain 
 prior auctions.  Instead, U.S. Cellular will be 
 participating in the auction directly and will not qualify for any discount on license 
 that may be won in the auction. 
 To the extent that existing competitors or new entrants acquire low-band (600 MHz) spectrum in U.S. Cellular markets in Auction 1000, U.S. Cellular 
 ould face increased competition 
 over time 
 from competitors that hold more 
 efficient and superior low-band s 
 pectrum, which would have an adverse effect on TDS’ wireless competitive position. 
 TDS’ operations are subject to varying degrees of regulation by the FCC, state public utility commissions and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies.  TDS is unable to predict the fu 
 ture actions of the various regulatory bodies that govern TDS, but such actions could have adverse effects on TDS’ business.  New or amended regulatory requirements could increase TDS’ costs and divert resources from other initiatives. 
 Adverse decisions, i 
 ncreased regulation, or changes to existing regulation by regulatory bodies could negatively impact TDS’ operations by, among other things, changing the amount that can be charged for local, intrastate or interstate access rates, increasing TDS’ costs of d 
 oing business, permitting greater competition or limiting TDS’ ability to engage in certain sales or marketing activities.  New regulatory mandates or enforcement may require unexpected or changed capital investment, lost revenues, changes in operations or 
 other changes. 
 Court decisions and rulemakings could have a substantial impact on TDS’ operations, including rulemakings on intercarrier access compensation, state and federal universal service, and treatment of VoIP traffic or unbundled network element 
 s.  Litigation and different objectives among federal and state regulators could create uncertainty and delay TDS’ ability to respond to new regulations. 
 TDS attempts to timely and fully comply with all regulatory requirements.  Any failure by TDS to tim 
 ely or fully comply with any regulatory requirements could adversely affect TDS’ financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 For additional information about TDS’ regulatory environment, see Risk Factor Number 15 below. 
 TDS’ businesses are highly technical and competition for skilled talent in the telecommunications and IT services industries is aggressive.  Due to competition for qualified management, technical, sales and other personnel, there ca 
 n be no assurance that TDS will be able to continue to attract and/or retain people of outstanding potential for the development of its business.  The loss of the services of existing key personnel as well as the failure to recruit additional qualified per 
 sonnel in a timely manner could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS’ assets are concentrated primarily in the U.S. telecommunications industry.  The 
 U.S. 
 telecommunications industry is facing significant change and an uncertain operating environment.  Although 
 TDS has diversified into HMS and the cable businesses, TDS’ revenue streams continue to be substantially derived from telecommunications services, including wireless, wireline, broadband and internet services.  TDS’ focus on the U.S. telecommunications in 
 dustry, together with its positioning relative to larger competitors with greater resources within the industry, may represent increased risk for investors due to the lack of diversification.  This could have an adverse effect on TDS’ ability to profitably 
 sustain long-term revenue growth and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 There has been a trend in the telecommunications, IT services and related industries in recent years towards consolidation 
 of service providers through acquisitions, reorganizations and joint ventures.  This trend could continue, leading to larger competitors over time. TDS has smaller scale efficiencies compared to larger competitors.  TDS may be unable to compete successfull 
 y with larger companies that have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources or that offer more services than TDS, which could adversely affect TDS’ revenues and costs of doing business.  Specificall 
 y, TDS’ smaller scale relative to most of its competitors could have the following impacts, among others: 
 TDS’ telecommunications businesses increasingly depend on access to content for data, music or video services and access to 
 new wireless devices being developed by vendors.  TDS’ ability to obtain such access depends in part on other parties.  If TDS is unable to obtain timely access to new content or wireless devices being developed by vendors, its business, financial conditi 
 on or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 As a result of the foregoing, TDS’ smaller scale relative to larger competitors could adversely affect TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in any o 
 f several factors could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations.  These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 The telecommunications and IT services industries are experiencing significant changes in technologies and services 
 expected by customers.  In the telecommunications industry, this is evidenced by evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology, shorter development cycles for new services and products, and enhancement 
 s and changes in end-user requirements and preferences.  Widespread deployment of new technologies could cause the technology used on TDS’ wireless networks and traditional circuit-switched telephone services to become less competitive or obsolete.  Also, 
 high-speed wireless networks (“wireless broadband”) represent a product offering and opportunity for TDS’ wireless business, but also represent a risk for TDS’ Wireline and Cable businesses as customers may elect to substitute their wireline broadband conn 
 ection for wireless broadband.  Further, fixed-mobile convergence services that combine wireline broadband services with mobile services represent a competitive threat.  If the trend toward convergence continues, TDS is at a competitive disadvantage to lar 
 ger competitors, including the national wireless carriers and other potential large new entrants with much greater financial and other resources in adapting to such convergence.  In addition, the IT services market is characterized by rapidly changing tech 
 nology and services.  Future technological changes or advancements may enable other technologies to equal or exceed TDS’ current levels of service and render its system infrastructure obsolete.  For example, the timing, cost, and availability of CDMA enabl 
 ed devices and other CDMA ecosystem support needs may inhibit TDS’ ability to maintain wireless voice services.  TDS may not be able to respond to such changes and implement new technology on a timely or cost-effective basis, which could reduce its revenue 
 s or increase its costs of doing business.  If TDS cannot keep pace with these technological changes or other changes in the telecommunications or IT services industries over time, its financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business co 
 uld be adversely affected. 
 TDS’ wireless business 
 has 
 recently completed the trans 
 ition to 4G LTE 
 and has implemented 4G LTE roaming agreements with national carriers.  In addition, TDS’ wireless business 
 also 
 testing VoLTE 
 The transition to 4G LTE involved significant time and cost and any future implementation of VoLTE will invol 
 ve additional time and cost.  Furthermore, the wireless business may involve rapid technology changes and new services and products.  If TDS fails to effectively deploy new wireless technologies, services or products on a timely basis, this could have an a 
 dverse impact on TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 TDS’ Wireline business is deploying technologically advanced wireline and broadband services including advanced DSL, fiber optic and Very-high-speed digital subscriber line 2 te 
 chnologies (“VDSL2”). A significant amount of the product development and integration risks are borne by TDS.  Further, the simultaneous rollout of these advanced services and technologies increases the execution risk.  If TDS fails to effectively deploy n 
 ew technologies and products on a timely basis, this could have an adverse impact on TDS’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Cable’s business is also subject to complexities associated with deploying new technologies and involves subs 
 tantial risk, including rapid technology changes.  If Cable’s business does not respond appropriately to technology changes, its competitive position may be adversely affected. 
 The HMS business is also continuously evaluating and deploying advances in tech 
 nology relating to IT services.  If HMS fails to effectively deploy new technologies and products on a timely basis, this could have an adverse impact on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, it is not certain that TDS’ 
 investments in various new, unproven technologies and service and product offerings will be effective.  The markets for some of these services, products and solutions may still be emerging and the overall potential for these markets may be uncertain.  If c 
 ustomer demand for these new services, products and solutions does not develop as expected, TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Telecommunications companies may be designated by states, or in some cases by the FCC, as an ETC to receive univer 
 sal service support payments if they provide specified services in “high cost” areas. 
 U.S. Cellular has been designated as an ETC in certain states and received $92.1 million in high cost support for service to high cost areas in 2015. 
 TDS Telecom also r 
 eceived support under USF support programs.  In 2015, TDS Telecom received $74.6 million under all the Federal USF support programs. 
 In 2011, the FCC released an order (“Reform Order”) to: reform its universal service and intercarrier compensation mechan 
 isms; establish a new, broadband-focused support mechanism; and propose further rules to advance reform. 
 Pursuant to the Reform Order, U.S. Cellular’s ETC support has been phased down by 40% since July 1, 2012.  As provided by the Reform Order, the phased 
 own is currently suspended and U.S. Cellular will continue to receive 60% of its baseline support until a new fund proposed in the Reform Order is operational. 
 With respect to TDS Telecom, it remains unclear whether the new mechanism will provide TDS Tele 
 com with the same level of support over time that TDS Telecom receives today.  Further proceedings including litigation may also be possible. 
 At this time, TDS cannot predict the net effect of further changes to the USF high cost support program under the 
 Reform Order. 
 If the foregoing regulatory support is reduced from current levels, this could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or operating results. 
 With respect to intercarrier compensation, the Reform Order provides for a red 
 uction in the charges that U.S. Cellular pays to wireline phone companies to transport and terminate calls that originate on their networks, which will reduce U.S. Cellular's operating expenses. The reductions in intercarrier charges are to increase over t 
 he next five to ten years, further reducing U.S. Cellular's operating expenses.  With respect to TDS Telecom, the Reform Order provides for a reduction in the charges that TDS Telecom pays to wireline phone companies to transport and terminate calls that o 
 riginate on TDS Telecom’s network, which will reduce TDS Telecom’s operating expenses.  However, TDS Telecom also receives revenue from other carriers to transport and terminate calls that originate on those carriers’ networks.  As reductions in intercarri 
 er charges are to increase over the next five to ten years, TDS Telecom’s related revenues and operating expenses are expected to decline. The net effect of these changes is not known. Further proceedings including litigation may also be possible. TDS cann 
 ot predict whether such changes will have a material adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Telecommunications providers pay a variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from interstate and intrastate ser 
 vices, including USF fees and common carrier regulatory fees. 
 The division of services between interstate services and intrastate services, including the divisions associated with the Federal USF fees, is a matter of interpretation and may in the future b 
 e contested by the FCC or state authorities. The FCC also may change in the future the basis on which Federal USF fees are charged. The Federal government and many states also apply transaction-based taxes to sales of TDS products and services and to purch 
 ases of telecommunications services from various carriers. In addition, state regulators and local governments have imposed and may continue to impose various surcharges, taxes and fees on TDS services. The applicability of these surcharges and fees to its 
 services is uncertain in many cases and jurisdictions may contest whether TDS has assessed and remitted those monies correctly.  Periodically state and federal regulators may increase or change the surcharges and fees TDS currently pays.  In some instance 
 s TDS passes through these charges to its customers.  However, Congress, the FCC, state regulatory agencies or state legislatures may limit the ability to pass through transaction-based tax liabilities, regulatory surcharges and regulatory fees imposed on 
 TDS to customers.  TDS may or may not be able to recover some or all of those taxes from its customers and the amount of taxes may deter demand for its services or increase its cost to provide service which could have an adverse effect on its business, fin 
 ancial condition or operating results. 
 TDS has entered into purchase commitments with certain vendors and may 
 enter into similar purchase commitments with other vendors in the future.  If TDS is unable to sell all of the devices that it is required to purchase under such agreements, or if it is unable to sell them at the prices it projects, its business, financial 
 condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A large portion of TDS’ assets consists of indefinite-lived inta 
 ngible assets in the form of licenses, goodwill and franchise rights.  TDS also has substantial investments in long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment.  TDS reviews its licenses, goodwill, franchise rights and other long-lived assets for im 
 pairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable.  An impairment loss may need to be recognized to the extent the carrying value of the assets exceeds the fair value of such 
 assets.  The amount of any such impairment loss could be significant and could have an adverse effect on TDS’ reported financial results for the period in which the loss is recognized.  The estimation of fair values requires assumptions by management abou 
 t factors that are uncertain including such things as future cash flows and the appropriate discount rate.  Different assumptions for these factors could create materially different results. 
 As part of TDS’ operating strategy, TDS from time to time may be 
 engaged in the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies, businesses, strategic properties, wireless spectrum or other assets.  TDS may change the markets in which it operates and the services that it provides through such acquisitions, divestitur 
 es and/or exchanges.  In general, TDS may not disclose the negotiation of such transactions until a definitive agreement has been reached.   These transactions commonly involve a number of risks, including: 
 No assurance can be given that TDS will be successful with respect to its acquisition, dives 
 titure or exchange strategies or initiatives.  If TDS is not successful with respect to its acquisitions, divestitures or exchanges, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 TDS offers customers the option to purchase certain wireless devices under installment contracts over a specified period of time.  Customers who take advant 
 age of these plans are not required to sign a fixed-term service contract to obtain postpaid service; rather, their service is provided on a month to month basis with no early termination fee.  These device installment contract plans may not meet TDS’ cust 
 omers’ or potential customers’ needs, expectations or demands.  In addition, customers on these device installment contract plans can discontinue their service at any time without penalty, other than the obligation of any residual commitment they may have 
 for unpaid service or for amounts due under the installment contract for the device.  TDS could experience a higher churn rate than it expects due to the ability of customers to more easily change service providers, which could adversely affect its results 
 of operations.  TDS’ operational and financial performance may be adversely affected if it is unable to grow its customer base and achieve the customer penetration levels that it anticipates with this business model. 
 Customers who have financed their devi 
 ces through these device installment contracts pay for their devices in installments over a specified period of time.  Compared to fixed-term service contracts, such plans result in lower cash flows from operating activities in the near term and could have 
 an adverse effect on TDS’ liquidity or capital resources.  In addition, such device installment contracts subject TDS to increased risks relating to consumer credit issues, which could result in increased costs, including increases to its bad debts expens 
 e.  These device installment contracts may be particularly sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, and any declines in the credit quality of TDS’ customer base could have a material adverse effect on TDS’ financial condition or results of oper 
 ations. 
 TDS’ business plan includes significant construction activities and enhancements to its network, support and other systems and infrastructure.  In connection therewith, TDS must, among other things, continue to: 
 Any difficulties encou 
 ntered in completing these activities, as well as problems in vendor equipment availability, technical resources, system performance or system adequacy, could delay expansion of operations and product capabilities in new or existing markets or result in in 
 creased costs.  Failure to successfully build-out and enhance TDS’ network, support facilities and other systems and infrastructure in a cost-effective manner, and in a manner that satisfies customer expectations, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ busin 
 ess, business prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS has relationships with independent agents and third party national retailers who market TDS’ service 
 s.  If such relationships are seriously harmed or if such parties experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 TDS depends upon certain vendors to provid 
 e it with equipment, services or content to continue its network construction and upgrades and to operate its business.  TDS does not have operational or financial control over such key suppliers and has limited influence with respect to the manner in whic 
 h these key suppliers conduct their businesses.  If these key suppliers experience financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy or experience other operational difficulties, they may be unable to provide equipment, services or content to TDS on a timely b 
 asis, or at all, or they may otherwise fail to honor their obligations to TDS. 
 Regulations regarding the use of “conflict minerals” mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries may affect some of TDS’ suppliers.  These regulations 
 may limit the availability of conflict free minerals and, as a result, TDS may not be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices from its vendors who utilize such minerals in the manufacture of products.  In such cases, TDS m 
 ay be unable to maintain and upgrade its network or provide products and services to its customers in a competitive manner, or could suffer other disruptions to its business.  In that event, TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations could 
 be adversely affected. 
 In addition, operation of TDS’ supply chain and management of its inventory require accurate forecasting of customer growth and demand, which has become increasingly challenging. 
 If overall demand for wireless devices or the mix 
 of demand for wireless devices is significantly different than TDS’ expectations, TDS could face inadequate or excess supplies of particular models of wireless devices. 
 This could result in lost sales opportunities or an excess supply of inventory. 
 Eithe 
 r of these situations could adversely affect TDS’ revenues, costs of doing business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Also, TDS has other arrangements with third parties, including arrangements pursuant to which TDS outsources certain support 
 functions to third party vendors.  Operational problems associated with such functions, including any failure by the vendor to provide the required level of service under the outsourcing arrangements, could have adverse effects on TDS’ business, financial 
 condition or results of operations. 
 TDS has significant investm 
 ents in entities that it does not control, including equity investments and interests in certain variable interest entities.  TDS’ interests in such entities do not provide TDS with control over the business strategy, financial goals, network build-out pla 
 ns or other operational aspects of these entities.  TDS cannot provide assurance that these entities will operate in a manner that will increase or maintain the value of TDS’ investments, that TDS’ proportionate share of income from these investments will 
 continue at the current level in the future or that TDS will not incur losses from the holding of such investments.  Losses in the values of such investments or a reduction in income from these investments could adversely affect TDS’ financial condition or 
 results of operations. 
 In addition, certain investments have historically contributed significant cash flows to TDS and a reduction or suspension of such cash flows could adversely affect TDS’ financial condition. 
 Specifically, 
 U.S. Cellular 
 holds a 5. 
 5% ownership interest in the Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership 
 and Subsidiary 
 (“LA Partnership”).  In periods prior to 2015, 
 U.S. Cellular 
 received significant cash distributions from this investment. 
 U.S. Cellular 
 did not receive any cash distributions in 2015 from the LA Partnership as TDS was informed by the general partner that, in connection with the acquisition of a spectrum license covering the LA Partnership’s market in FCC Auction 97, the LA Partnership wou 
 ld not make a cash distribution in 2015.  Notwithstanding the lack of a cash distribution, U.S. Cellular will be obligated to make tax payments on its share of any taxable income reported by the LA Partnership in 2015 and beyond.  The amount of future cash 
 distributions from the LA Partnership are uncertain, and could be impacted by 
 conditions in its markets as well as by 
 future spectrum purchases 
 TDS relies extensively on its telecommunication networks and information technology to operate and manage its businesses, process trans 
 actions and summarize and report results.  These networks and technology become obsolete over time and must be upgraded, replaced and/or otherwise enhanced over time.  Enhancements must be more flexible and dependable than ever before.  All of this is capi 
 tal intensive and challenging.  A failure by TDS to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technology could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The increased provision of d 
 ata services including IPTV has introduced significant new demands on TDS’ network and also has increased complexities related to network management.  As it relates to Wireline’s networks, the transition to new IP-based networks from well-established time- 
 division multiplexing networks requires new support tools and technician skills.  Further, this transition requires the use of more leased facilities and partnerships which require enhanced network monitoring and controls.  The IP-based networks also gener 
 ally require more electronics on customers’ premises which introduces more technical risks and makes diagnostics and repairs more difficult. 
 Further, the increased provision of data services on TDS’ networks has created an increased level of risk related 
 to quality of service.  This is due to the fact that many customers increasingly rely on data communications to execute and validate transactions.  As a result, redundancy and geographical diversity of TDS’ network facilities are critical to providing unin 
 terrupted service.  Also, the speed of repair and maintenance procedures in the event of network interruptions is critical to maintaining customer satisfaction.  TDS’ ability to maintain high-quality, uninterrupted service to its customers is critical, par 
 ticularly given the increasingly competitive environment and customers’ ability to choose other service providers. 
 In addition, TDS’ networks and information technology and the networks and information technology of vendors on which TDS relies are subject 
 to damage or interruption due to various events, including power outages, computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, hackers and other cyber security risks, catastrophic events, natural disasters, errors or una 
 uthorized actions by employees and vendors, flawed conversion of systems, disruptive technologies and technology changes. 
 TDS experiences cyber-attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis. TDS maintains administrative, technical and 
 physical controls, as well as other preventative actions, to reduce the risk of security breaches.  Although to date TDS has not experienced a material security breach, these efforts may be insufficient to prevent a security breach stemming from future cy 
 ber-attacks.  If TDS’ or its vendors’ networks and information technology are not adequately adapted to changes in technology or are damaged or fail to function properly, and/or if TDS’ or its vendors’ security is breached or otherwise compromised, TDS cou 
 ld suffer adverse consequences, including theft, destruction or other loss of critical and private data, including customer and/or employee data, interruptions or delays in its operations, inaccurate billings, inaccurate financial reporting, and significan 
 t costs to remedy the problems.  If TDS’ or its vendors’ systems become unavailable or suffer a security breach of customer or other data, TDS may be required to expend significant resources and take various actions to address the problems, including notif 
 ication under data privacy laws and regulations, may be subject to fines, sanctions and litigation, and its reputation and operating results could be adversely affected.  Such events may also cause TDS to fail to satisfy service level commitments or trigge 
 r contractual obligations to customers of its IT services.  Any material disruption in TDS’ networks or information technology, including security breaches, could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Factors that may affect the future market price of TDS’ Common Shares include: 
 Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the future market price of TDS’ Common Shares, or could cause the future market price of TDS’ Common Shares to fluctuate from time to time. 
 The preparation of fin 
 ancial statements requires TDS to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  TDS bases it 
 s estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions and information that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 
 Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Changes in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information, could require TDS to record charges in excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements, i 
 f any, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Disruptions in the credit and financial markets, declines in consumer confidence, increases in unemployment, declines in economic growth and uncertainty about corporate earnings could have a significant negative impact on the U.S. and global fi 
 nancial and credit markets and the overall economy.  Such events could have an adverse impact on financial institutions resulting in limited access to capital and credit for many companies. Furthermore, economic uncertainties make it very difficult to accu 
 rately forecast and plan future business activities.  Changes in economic conditions, changes in financial markets, deterioration in the capital markets or other factors could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition, revenues, results 
 of operations and cash flows. 
 TDS is regularly involved in a number of legal and policy proceedings before the FCC and various state and federal courts.  Such legal and policy proceedings can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive to business operations by 
 diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. 
 The assessment of legal and policy proceedings is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events.  Additionally, amounts ultimately received or paid upon 
 settlement or resolution of litigation and other contingencies may differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements.  Depending on a range of factors, these or similar proceedings could impose restraints on TDS’ current or future manner o 
 f doing business.  Such potential outcomes could have an adverse effect on TDS’ financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 Media reports and certain professional studies have suggested that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless devices may be linked to various health problems, including cancer or tumors, 
 and may interfere with various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers.  U.S. Cellular is a party to and may in the future be a party to lawsuits against wireless carriers and other parties claiming damages for alleged health eff 
 ects, including cancer or tumors, arising from wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters.  Concerns over radio frequency emissions may discourage use of wireless devices or expose TDS to potential litigation.  In addition, the FCC or other regulatory 
 authorities may adopt regulations in response to concerns about radio frequency emissions.  Any resulting decrease in demand for wireless services, costs of litigation and damage awards or regulation could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financia 
 l condition or results of operations. 
 In addition, some studies have indicated that some aspects of using wireless devices while driving may impair drivers’ attention in certain circumstances, making accidents more likely.  These concerns could lead to pot 
 ential litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injuries, any of which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Numerous state and local legislative bodies have enacted or proposed legis 
 lation restricting or prohibiting the use of wireless devices while driving motor vehicles.  These enacted or proposed laws or other similar laws, if passed, could have the effect of reducing customer usage and/or increasing costs, which could have an adve 
 rse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 TDS faces possible effects of industry li 
 tigation relating to patents, other intellectual property or otherwise, that may restrict TDS’ access to devices for sale to customers.  If technology that TDS uses in products or services were determined by a court to infringe a patent or other intellectu 
 al property right held by another person, TDS could be precluded from using that technology and could be required to pay significant monetary damages.  TDS also may be required to pay significant royalties to such person to continue to use such technology 
 in the future.  The successful enforcement of any intellectual property rights, or TDS’ inability to negotiate a license for such rights on acceptable terms, could force TDS to cease using the relevant technology and offering services incorporating the tec 
 hnology. 
 Any litigation to determine the validity of claims that TDS’ products or services infringe or may infringe intellectual property rights of another, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the effort and attention of TD 
 S’ management and technical personnel.  Regardless of the merits of any specific claim, TDS cannot give assurance that it would prevail in litigation because of the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation.  A 
 lthough TDS generally seeks to obtain indemnification agreements from vendors that provide it with technology, there can be no assurance that any claim of infringement will be covered by an indemnity or that TDS will be able to recover all or any of its lo 
 sses and costs under any available indemnity agreements.  Any claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others could prevent TDS from using necessary technology to provide its services or subject TDS to expensive intellectua 
 l property litigation or monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on TDS’ business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and the TDS bylaws contain provisions which may serve to discourage or make more difficult a change in control o 
 f TDS without the support of the TDS Voting Trust and the TDS Board of Directors or without meeting various other conditions. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes the issuance of different series of common stock, which have 
 different voting rights.  The TDS Series 
 A Common Shares have the power to elect approximately 75% (less one) of the directors and have ten votes per share in matters other than the election of directors.  The TDS Common Shares (with one vote per share) v 
 ote as a separate group only with respect to the election of 25% (plus one) of the directors.  In addition, the total percentage voting power in matters other than the election of directors of the Series A Common Shares and Common Shares are fixed, at 56.7 
 % and 43.3%, respectively, subject to adjustment due to changes in the number of outstanding Series A Common Shares. 
 A substantial majority of the outstanding TDS Series 
 A Common Shares are held in the TDS Voting Trust which expires on June 
 30, 2035.  The 
 TDS Voting Trust was created to facilitate the long-standing relationships among the trustees’ certificate holders.  By virtue of the number of shares held by them, the voting trustees have the power to elect eight directors based on the current TDS Board 
 of Directors’ size of twelve directors, and control a majority of the voting power of TDS with respect to matters other than the election of directors. 
 The existence of the TDS Voting Trust is likely to deter any potential unsolicited or hostile takeover 
 attempts or other efforts to obtain control of TDS and may make it more difficult for shareholders to sell shares of TDS at higher than market prices.  The trustees of the TDS Voting Trust have advised TDS that they intend to maintain the ability to keep o 
 r dispose of voting control of TDS. 
 The TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, also authorizes the TDS Board of Directors to designate and issue TDS Undesignated Shares in one or more classes or series of preferred or common stock from time 
 to time.  Generally, no further action or authorization by the shareholders is necessary prior to the designation or issuance of the additional TDS Undesignated Shares authorized pursuant to the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, unles 
 s applicable laws or regulations would require such approval in a given instance.  Such TDS Undesignated Shares could be issued in circumstances that would serve to preserve control of TDS’ then existing management. 
 In addition, the TDS Restated Certificat 
 e of Incorporation, as amended, includes a provision which authorizes the TDS Board of Directors to consider various factors, including effects on customers, taxes, and the long-term and short-term interests of TDS, in the context of a proposal or offer to 
 acquire or merge the corporation, or to sell its assets, and to reject such offer if the TDS Board of Directors determines that the proposal is not in the best interests of the corporation based on such factors. 
 The provisions of the TDS Restated Certific 
 ate of Incorporation, as amended, and the TDS bylaws and the existence of various classes of capital stock could prevent shareholders from profiting from an increase in the market value of their shares as a result of a change in control of TDS by delaying 
 or preventing such change in control. 
 From time to time, TDS may disclose forward-looking information, including estimates of future service revenues; various measures of income before income 
 taxes; and/or capital expenditures.  Any such forward-looking information includes consideration of known or anticipated changes to the extent disclosed, but dynamic market conditions and/or other unknown or unanticipated events, including but not limited 
 to the risks discussed above, could cause such estimates to differ materially from the actual amounts. 
 Ite 
 m 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments