You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 
 in
evaluating the Company and its common stock. Any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations or
financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the Company’s common stock. 
 10-K 
 The Company’s Businesses
Face Significant Competition from Other Sources of Content, and its Success Depends on its Ability to Compete Effectively. 
 The
Company’s businesses face significant competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment content, including both traditional and new content providers. This competition has intensified as a result of the continued development
of new digital and other technologies and platforms, and the Company may be adversely affected if consumers migrate to other media alternatives. For example, advertising and circulation revenues in the Company’s News and Information Services
segment may continue to decline, reflecting general trends in the newspaper industry such as declining newspaper buying by younger audiences and consumers’ increasing reliance on a variety of content providers, including news aggregation
websites, social media platforms and customized news feeds, for the delivery of news and information through the Internet, often without charge. In addition, due to the increased availability of high-speed Internet access and innovations in content
distribution platforms that enable streaming and downloading of programming, consumers are now more readily able to watch Internet-delivered content on smart TVs, computers, tablets, streaming devices and mobile devices through a variety of
providers. These include IPTV providers and SVOD services such as Fetch TV, Netflix, Stan, Amazon Prime Video, hayu and Mubi, as well as programmers and distributors such as CBS, Disney and the FTA networks that have begun providing content,
including smaller, lower-cost programming packages, directly to consumers over the Internet, in some cases also without charge. The increasing number of choices available to consumers for video content may cause subscribers to the Company’s 
 services to disconnect their services, downgrade to smaller, less expensive programming packages or purchase certain services from other providers that they would have historically purchased from the Company.
This may, in turn, adversely affect both the Company’s subscription revenue and advertisers’ willingness to purchase television advertising from the Company. 
 pay-TV 
 The Company’s ability to compete effectively depends upon its ability to differentiate and
distinguish its products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behaviors, which in turn, depends on many factors both within and beyond its control. For example, the Company relies on audience acceptance of the
high-quality differentiated content in its newspapers, book titles, 
 programming and radio stations in order to retain and grow their audiences, consumers and subscribers. Similarly, the success of the
Company’s digital real estate services business depends in part on providing more comprehensive, current and accurate real estate listing data than its competitors, which the Company generally obtains through short-term arrangements with MLSs,
real estate brokers, real estate agents and other third parties that may not be renewed and/or may be terminated with limited or no notice. However, when faced with a multitude of media choices, consumers may place greater value on when, where, how
and at what price they consume content than they do on the source, quality or reliability of such content. Online traffic is also driven by Internet search results and referrals from social media and other platforms. Search engine results are based
on algorithms that change frequently, and social media and other platforms may also vary their emphasis on what content to highlight for users. Any failure to successfully manage and adapt to these changes across the Company’s businesses could
result in significant decreases in traffic to the Company’s digital properties, lower advertiser interest in those properties and increased costs if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic or otherwise adversely affect the Company’s
business. 
 pay-TV 
 Some of the Company’s current and potential competitors may have greater resources or better competitive positions in certain
areas than it does, which may allow them to respond more effectively to new technologies and changes in market conditions. If the Company is unable to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, its business, results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The Company Must Respond to New Technologies and Changes in Consumer Behavior and
Continue to Innovate and Provide Useful Products in Order to Remain Competitive. 
 Technology continues to evolve rapidly, and the
resulting changes in consumer behavior and preferences create constant opportunities for new and existing competitors that can quickly render the Company’s products and services less valuable. For example, alternative methods for the delivery,
storage and consumption of digital content, including the distribution of news and other content through social networking tools and on mobile and other devices, often without charge, Internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming
and downloading and digital distribution models for books, have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where, how and at what price they consume content. Enhanced Internet capabilities and the development of new media channels may
continue to reduce the demand for the Company’s newspapers, television programs and other products and the price consumers are willing to pay for such products. In addition, other technological developments, such as those allowing consumers to
skip, fast forward through or block advertisements, may cause changes in consumer behavior that could adversely affect the attractiveness of the Company’s offerings to advertisers. 
 Other digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated sites and self-publishing tools, have also reduced the effort and expense of producing and distributing content on a wide scale, allowing
digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with the Company, often at a lower cost. This trend may drive down the price consumers are willing to spend on the Company’s products disproportionately to the
costs associated with generating content and result in relatively low barriers to entry for competing Internet-based products and services. Additional digital distribution channels, such as the Internet and online retailers, have presented, and may
continue to present, challenges to the Company’s businesses, including its traditional book publishing model, which could adversely affect sales volume and/or pricing. 
 The Company must continue to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to ensure that its products and services remain relevant and useful for consumers and customers and
are delivered in the manner in which consumers and customers wish to consume them. The Company may be required to incur 
 significant capital expenditures and other costs in order to respond to new technologies, new and enhanced offerings from its competitors and changes in consumer behavior, and to attract and
retain employees with the skill sets and knowledge base needed to successfully operate its digital and other businesses. For example, the Company expects to make significant investments in its 
 business
as it continues to develop and improve the capabilities of its services, including potential new SVOD services. The development of new strategies and technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process, and there is a risk that the
Company may not be able to develop and market these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner and that its responses and strategies to remain competitive, including new product offerings and the distribution of its content on a
“pay” basis, may not be accepted by consumers. The Company’s failure to respond to and develop new technologies, distribution channels and platforms, products, services and business models to take advantage of advancements in
technology and the latest consumer preferences could cause its customer, audience and/or user base or its advertisers to decline, in some cases precipitously, and could have a significant adverse effect on its businesses, asset values, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 pay-TV 
 A Decline in Customer Advertising Expenditures in the Company’s Newspaper and Other Businesses
Could Cause its Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly. 
 The Company derives substantial revenues from the sale of
advertising through its newspapers, integrated marketing services, digital media properties, cable channels and other 
 programming and radio stations. The Company’s ability to generate advertising
revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including: (1) demand for the Company’s products and services, (2) audience fragmentation, (3) digital advertising trends, (4) its ability to offer advertising products and
formats sought by advertisers, (5) general economic and business conditions, (6) demographics of the customer base, (7) advertising rates and (8) advertising effectiveness. 
 pay-TV 
 Demand for the Company’s products and services depends upon the Company’s ability to differentiate those products and
services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer behaviors and is evaluated based on a variety of metrics. For example, circulation levels for the Company’s newspapers, ratings points for its cable channels and number of listeners for
its radio stations are among the factors advertisers consider when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the Company as well as advertising rates. For the Company’s digital media properties, including its digital real estate
services sites, advertisers evaluate consumer demand using metrics such as the number of visits, number of users and user engagement. Any difficulty or failure in accurately measuring demand, particularly demand generated through new platforms, may
lead to under-measurement and, in turn, lower advertising pricing and spending. 
 The increasing popularity of digital media among consumers as a source of news and other
content has driven a corresponding shift in advertising from traditional channels to digital platforms. This shift has significantly impacted the Company’s print advertising revenues in particular, which have declined in each of its last three
fiscal years. The development of new devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer engagement with other forms of digital media such as online and mobile social networking, are increasing the number of media choices and formats available to
audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. The range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically
resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. In addition, in the past, rates have been generally lower for mobile advertising than for desktop advertising. As a result, increasing consumer reliance on
mobile devices may add additional pricing pressure. Consequently, the Company’s digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption. 
 The digital advertising market also continues to undergo significant changes that may further impact digital advertising revenues. Digital advertising
networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale are playing a more significant role in the advertising marketplace and may cause further downward pricing pressure. New
delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control and loss of a direct relationship with consumers. In addition, 
 evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, as well as the development and adoption of technology designed to block, change the location of, or obscure, the display of advertising
on websites and mobile devices and/or block or delete cookies, may also negatively impact digital advertising revenues. As the digital advertising market continues to evolve, the Company’s ability to compete successfully for advertising budgets
will depend on, among other things, its ability to drive scale, engage and grow digital audiences, derive better demographic and other information about its users, develop new digital advertising products and formats such as branded and other custom
content, and video and mobile advertising, and prove the value of its advertising and the effectiveness of the Company’s platforms to its advertising customers, including through more targeted, data-driven offerings. In recent years, large
digital platforms such as Facebook and Google, which have extensive audience reach and targeting capabilities, have commanded an increasing share of the digital advertising market, and the Company expects this trend may continue. 
 The Company’s print and digital advertising revenue is also affected generally by overall national and local economic and business conditions,
including consumer spending, housing sales, auto sales, unemployment rates and job creation, advertisers’ budgeting and buying patterns, which tend to be cyclical, as well as federal, state and local election cycles. In addition, certain
sectors of the economy account for a significant portion of the Company’s advertising revenues, including retail, technology and finance. Some of these sectors, such as retail, are more susceptible to weakness in economic conditions and have
also been under pressure from increased online competition. A decline in the economic prospects of these and other advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities or result in
consolidation or closures across various industries, which may also reduce the Company’s overall advertising revenue. 
 While the Company
has adopted a number of strategies and initiatives to address these challenges, there can be no guarantee that its efforts will be successful. If the Company is unable to demonstrate the continuing value of its various platforms and high-quality
content and brands or offer advertisers unique multi-platform advertising programs, its results may suffer. Reduced demand for the Company’s offerings, a decrease in advertising expenditures by the Company’s customers or a surplus of
advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and assets, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Inability to Obtain and Retain Sports and Other Programming Rights Could Adversely Affect the Revenue of Certain of the Company’s Operating
Businesses, and Programming Costs Could Also Increase Upon Renewal. 
 Competition for popular programming that is licensed from third
parties is intense, and the success of certain of the Company’s operating businesses, including its 
 business, will depend on, among other things, their ability to obtain and retain desirable
programming and deliver it to subscribers and audiences at competitive prices. The 
 industry in particular has continued to experience higher programming costs due to, among other things,
(1) increases imposed by sports and other programmers when offering new programming or upon the expiration of existing contracts; (2) the carriage of incremental programming, including new services and SVOD programming; and
(3) increased competition from other digital media companies, including SVOD providers, for the rights to popular or exclusive content. Certain of the Company’s operating businesses, including its 
 business, are party to contracts for sports and other programming rights with various third parties, including professional sports leagues and teams, television and motion picture producers and other
suppliers. These contracts have varying durations and renewal terms, and as they expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought. However, third parties may outbid the Company for those rights and/or for any new programming offerings. In addition,
professional sports leagues or teams may create their own 
 sports offerings or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original contract cost.
The loss of rights could impact the extent of the sports coverage and the availability of other popular entertainment programming offered by the Company and lead to customer or audience dissatisfaction or, in some cases, loss of customers or
audiences, which could, in turn, adversely affect its revenues. In addition, the Company’s results could be adversely affected if upon renewal, escalations in programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees
and advertising rates. 
 pay-TV 
 pay-TV 
 pay-TV 
 direct-to-consumer 
 The Company Has Made and May Continue to Make Strategic Acquisitions and Investments That Introduce
Significant Risks and Uncertainties. 
 In order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the Company has made
and may continue to make strategic acquisitions and investments that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in
an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (4) with respect to investments,
risks associated with the inability to control the operations of the business, (5) the risk of diverting the attention of the Company’s senior management from the Company’s operations, (6) the risks associated with integrating
financial reporting and internal control systems, (7) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses, (8) in the case of foreign acquisitions and
investments, the impact of specific economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with the relevant countries, (9) liabilities, both known and unknown, associated with the acquired businesses or investments and
(10) in some cases, increased regulation. 
 If any acquired business or investment, including the recent combination of Foxtel and FOX
SPORTS Australia, fails to operate as anticipated or an acquired business cannot be successfully integrated with the Company’s existing businesses, the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation could be
adversely affected, and the Company may be required to record 
 impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets. 
 non-cash 
 Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Results of Operations. 
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its consolidated debt when the debt is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations whose
cash flows support the ability to repay or refinance such debt. As of June 30, 2018, the new Foxtel operating subsidiaries, whose functional currency is Australian dollars, had $575 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding
indebtedness denominated in U.S. dollars. The Company’s policy is to hedge against the risk of foreign currency exchange rate movements with respect to this exposure where commercially reasonable. However, there can be no assurance that it will
be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements. 
 In addition, the Company is exposed to foreign currency translation risk because it has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in
currencies other than the Company’s reporting currency, primarily the Australian dollar and the British pound sterling. Since the Company’s financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates
between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the Company’s earnings when the results of those operations that are reported in foreign currencies are translated into U.S.
dollars for inclusion in the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its reported results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. In particular, exchange rates between the
U.S. dollar and the British pound sterling are expected to remain volatile due to continued political uncertainty in the U.K. and the negotiation of its exit from the European Union, commonly referred to as “Brexit.” 
 Weak Domestic and Global Economic Conditions and Volatility and Disruption in the Financial and Other Markets May Adversely Affect the Company’s
Business. 
 The U.S. and global economies have undergone, and continue to experience, periods of economic and market uncertainty, including
as a result of recent trade disputes between a number of countries. These conditions have in the past resulted in, among other things, a general tightening in the credit and capital markets, limited access to 
 the credit and capital markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending, lower consumer net worth and a dramatic decline
in the real estate market. The resulting pressure on the labor and retail markets and the downturn in consumer confidence weakened the economic climate in certain markets in which the Company does business and had an adverse effect on its business,
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, including advertising revenues. Any continued or recurring economic weakness could further impact the Company’s business, reduce its advertising and other revenues and negatively impact
the performance of its newspapers, television operations, books, digital real estate services business, radio stations and other consumer products and services. In addition, further volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it
more difficult and expensive for the Company to obtain financing. These conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the Company does business to satisfy their obligations to the Company, including as a result of their inability to
obtain capital on acceptable terms. The Company is particularly exposed to certain Australian business risks, including specific Australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of
Australian assets and generated approximately 32% of its fiscal 2018 revenues from Australia. As a result, the Company’s results of operations may be adversely affected by negative developments in the Australian market. The Company also
generated approximately 16% of its fiscal 2018 revenues from the U.K., which continues to experience political, regulatory, economic and market uncertainty as it negotiates the terms of Brexit. While the impact of Brexit is difficult to predict, it
could significantly affect the fiscal, monetary, political and regulatory landscape, lead other member countries to consider leaving the European Union, result in the diminishment or elimination of barrier-free access between the U.K. and other
European Union member states and additional volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets and have an adverse impact on the Company’s businesses in the U.K. and elsewhere. Although the Company believes that its capitalization,
operating cash flow and current access to credit and capital markets, including the Company’s revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that any further
volatility and disruption in domestic and global credit and capital markets will not impair the Company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing. 
 The Company Relies on Network and Information Systems and Other Technology Whose Failure or Misuse Could Cause a Disruption of Services or Loss or Improper Disclosure of Personal Data, Business
Information, Including Intellectual Property, or Other Confidential Information, Resulting in Increased Costs, Loss of Revenue, Reputational Damage or Other Harm to the Company’s Business. 
 Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the Company’s network management, are important to its business
activities and contain the Company’s proprietary, confidential and sensitive business information, including personal data of its customers and personnel. The Company also relies on third party providers for certain technology and
“cloud-based” systems and services that support a variety of business operations. Network and information systems-related events affecting the Company’s systems, or those of third parties upon which the Company’s business relies,
such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any
combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities, war, human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in disruption
of the Company’s business and/or loss, corruption or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the
Company’s disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient to address all potential cyber events. Unauthorized parties may also fraudulently induce the Company’s employees or other agents to disclose sensitive or
confidential information in order to gain access to the Company’s systems, facilities or data, or those of third parties with whom the Company does business. In addition, any design or manufacturing defects in, or the improper implementation
of, hardware or software applications the Company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly compromise information security. 
 In recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies’ network and
information systems, and such attacks have become more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent against. As a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase, particularly as the Company’s digital
businesses expand. The Company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which have been material to the Company to date, individually or in the aggregate. While the Company and its
vendors have developed and implemented security measures and internal controls that are designed to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential information, to prevent data loss, and to
prevent or detect security breaches, such security measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable or degrade service, or
sabotage systems change frequently, and any network and information systems-related events could require the Company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. Moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and
requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. While the Company maintains cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any
future breaches of the Company’s systems. 
 A significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the Company’s systems, or
those of third parties upon which its business relies, could result in a disruption of its operations, including degradation or disruption of service, equipment damage, customer, audience or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or
brands, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs, a loss of customers, audience, advertisers or revenues and other financial losses. If any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper
disclosure of information maintained in the Company’s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal and credit card data, as well as confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel,
customers, vendors and the Company’s business, including its intellectual property, the Company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. In
addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to the Company’s systems or those of third parties upon which its business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact the
Company’s brand and reputation and materially affect its business. 
 The Company Could Suffer Losses Due to Asset Impairment and
Restructuring Charges. 
 As a result of adverse developments in the Company’s industry and challenging economic and market conditions,
the Company may recognize impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets, investments and other long-lived assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the
Company’s financial results. When the Company acquires a business, it records goodwill in an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the acquired business over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities, including
intangible assets, as of the acquisition date. The Company’s management must regularly evaluate goodwill and other intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the Company’s cash flows in order to determine whether, based on
projected discounted future cash flows, the carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the Company should recognize an impairment. In accordance with GAAP, the Company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including newspaper mastheads, distribution networks, publishing imprints, radio broadcast licenses, trademarks and trade names, publishing rights and customer relationships, during the fourth quarter
of each fiscal year. The Company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the business environment, credit and capital markets or the economy generally and actual or projected operating
results, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and long-lived assets, or require the Company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. For
example, any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue, the expected popularity of the programming for which the Company has acquired rights and/or consumer acceptance of new products, including new SVOD services, could
lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. Any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, 
 investments or other long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which 
 charges would be required. Any such charge could be
material to the Company’s reported results of operations. For example, in fiscal 2018, the Company recognized 
 impairment charges of $280 million, primarily related to News America Marketing
and FOX SPORTS Australia, and a $957 million 
 write-down of its investment in Foxtel. In addition, as of June 30, 2018, the Company had approximately $170 million of goodwill that is at
risk for future impairment because the fair value of the corresponding reporting unit was equal to its carrying value. The Company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources
in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends. 
 non-cash 
 non-cash 
 non-cash 
 There Can Be No Assurance That the Company Will Have Access to
the Credit and Capital Markets on Terms Acceptable to It, and the Significant Leverage of its new Foxtel Operating Subsidiaries Could Limit the Ability of Those Subsidiaries to Access the Credit and Capital Markets and Have Other Adverse Effects. 
 From time to time the Company may need or desire to access the credit and capital markets to obtain financing. Although the Company
believes that the sources of capital currently in place, including the Company’s revolving credit facility, will permit the Company to finance its operations for the foreseeable future on acceptable terms and conditions, the Company’s
access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors. In addition, as a result of the Transaction, the Company now consolidates the debt of its new Foxtel operating
subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries have significant leverage that could limit or prevent them from incurring additional debt or refinancing or otherwise extending the maturities of their existing debt. As of June 30, 2018, the new Foxtel
operating subsidiaries’ total outstanding indebtedness was $1.6 billion, including $370 million due in fiscal 2019, with the remainder having various maturities through fiscal 2025. Factors impacting the Company’s ability to
access the credit and capital markets include, but are not limited to: (1) the financial performance of the Company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (2) the Company’s credit ratings or absence of a credit rating
and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (3) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents (collectively, the “Debt Documents”);
(4) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets; and (5) the state of the economy. There can be no assurance that the Company (particularly as a company that currently has no credit rating) will continue to have access to the
credit and capital markets on terms acceptable to it. 
 The Company’s consolidated debt could also have other adverse effects. A portion
of the outstanding debt bears interest at variable rates, which exposes the Company to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. If interest rates increase, the applicable debt service obligations will increase, which could reduce available cash flow
and make it more difficult to make scheduled debt payments and/or limit the amount of cash available for operations, including investments and capital expenditures. Although the Company hedges a portion of the exposure to these interest rate
movements, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements. In addition, the new Foxtel operating
subsidiaries’ outstanding Debt Documents contain significant financial and operating covenants that may limit their operational and financial flexibility. Subject to certain exceptions, these covenants restrict or prohibit these operating
subsidiaries from, among other things, undertaking certain transactions, disposing of properties or assets (including subsidiary stock), merging or consolidating with any other person, making financial accommodation available, giving guarantees,
entering into certain other financing arrangements, creating or permitting certain liens, engaging in transactions with affiliates, making repayments of other loans and undergoing fundamental business changes. These instruments also generally
include financial covenants requiring the new Foxtel operating subsidiaries to maintain specified total debt to EBITDA and interest coverage ratios. In the event any of these covenants are breached and such breach results in a default under any of
the new Foxtel operating subsidiaries’ Debt Documents, the lenders or noteholders, as applicable, may accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under the applicable Debt Documents, which could result in a default under other outstanding Debt
Documents and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operation and financial condition. 
 The Company’s Business Could Be Adversely Impacted by Changes in Governmental Policy and
Regulation. 
 Various aspects of the Company’s activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the
introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the Company’s products and services are produced or distributed, and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries, could have a negative impact on its
interests. In addition, laws and regulations in some international jurisdictions differ from those in the United States, and the enforcement of those laws and regulations may be inconsistent and unpredictable. The Company may incur substantial costs
or be required to change its business practices in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and could incur substantial penalties or other liabilities in the event of any failure to comply. 
 The Company’s Australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the
application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the Australian media industry or to Australian companies in general. This includes: 
 anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents 
 providers such as new Foxtel from acquiring rights
to televise certain listed events (for example, the Olympic Games and certain Australian Rules football and cricket matches) unless: 
 pay-TV 
 national and commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 26 weeks before the start of the event; 
 the rights to televise are also held by commercial television licensees who have rights to televise the event to more than 50% of the
Australian population; or 
 the rights to televise are also held by one of Australia’s two major government-funded broadcasters; 
 other parts of the Broadcasting Services Act that regulate ownership interests and control of Australian media organizations. Such legislation may have
an impact on the Company’s ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities; and 
 the Telecommunications Act and associated Codes, which apply various consumer protection regimes to new Foxtel as a telecommunications service
provider. 
 The Company’s business activities are also subject to various laws and regulations in the United States and
internationally governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which have implications for how such data is managed. Many of these laws and regulations continue to evolve, and substantial uncertainty surrounds
their scope and application. Complying with these laws and regulations could be costly, require the Company to change its business practices, or limit or restrict aspects of the Company’s business in a manner adverse to its business operations,
including by inhibiting or preventing the collection of information that would enable it to provide more targeted, data-driven advertising offerings. The Company’s failure to comply, even if inadvertent or in good faith, or as a result of a
compromise, breach or interruption of the Company’s systems by a third party, could result in exposure to enforcement by U.S. federal or state or foreign governments or private actors, as well as significant negative publicity and reputational
damage. An example of such a law is the European Union’s GDPR, which recently went into effect and expands the regulation of personal data processing throughout the European Union and significantly increases maximum penalties for
non-compliance. See “Governmental Regulation—Data Privacy and Security” for more information. Finally, because some of the Company’s products and services are available on the Internet, it may be subject to laws or regulations
exposing it to liability or compliance obligations even in jurisdictions where the Company does not have a substantial presence. 
 In addition,
the Company’s newspaper publishing businesses in the U.K. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the Leveson inquiry into the U.K. press. Following the inquiry, the U.K.
Government established a Press Recognition Panel responsible for approving and monitoring a new press regulatory body. Publishers who are not members of an approved regulator, including the 
 Company, may be subject to exemplary damages in privacy and libel cases and, if Section 40 of the Crime and Courts Act 2013 is enacted, the payment of costs for both parties in libel actions
in certain circumstances. The majority of the U.K. press, including News UK, has established an alternative regulator, the Independent Press Standards Organisation, or IPSO. IPSO, which has indicated that it does not intend to seek approval by the
Press Recognition Panel, has powers to impose burdens on its print media members in the U.K. These powers, which include the ability to impose fines of up to £1 million for systemic breaches of IPSO’s Editor’s Code of Practice,
may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance. Depending on the political environment, the second phase of the Leveson inquiry may be commenced, investigating the relationship
between the press and the police. 
 The Company’s radio stations in the U.K. and Ireland are also subject to governmental regulation by
the relevant broadcast authorities as the Company is required to obtain and maintain licenses from such authorities to operate these stations. Although the Company expects its licenses will, where relevant, be renewed in the ordinary course upon
their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. 
 by the Company with the requirements associated with such licenses or other applicable laws and regulations, including of
the relevant authority, could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other adverse regulatory actions. 
 Non-compliance 
 Adverse Results from Litigation or Other Proceedings Could Impact the Company’s Business Practices and Operating Results. 
 From time to time, the Company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative
agencies, including with respect to antitrust, tax, data privacy and security, intellectual property and other matters. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 16 to the Financial Statements for a discussion of certain matters. The
outcome of these matters and other litigation and proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages,
injunctive relief or settlement costs that could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations or financial condition as well as the Company’s ability to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted. In addition,
regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the Company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors. 
 The Company Could Be Subject to Significant Additional Tax Liabilities, which Could Adversely Affect its Operating Results and Financial Condition. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in U.S. federal, state and local jurisdictions and various 
 jurisdictions, including Australia and the U.K. The Company’s effective tax rate is impacted by the tax laws, regulations, practices and interpretations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may fluctuate significantly from period to
period depending on, among other things, the geographic mix of the Company’s profits and losses, changes in tax laws and regulations or their application and interpretation, the outcome of tax audits and changes in valuation allowances
associated with the Company’s deferred tax assets. Evaluating and estimating the Company’s tax provision, current and deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax accruals requires significant management judgment, and there are often
transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 
 non-U.S. 
 The Company’s tax returns are routinely audited by various tax
authorities. Tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the Company’s tax returns or positions taken by the Company, and as a result, 
 settlements or litigation may
occur, resulting in additional income tax liabilities against the Company. Although the Company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of tax reviews and examinations and any related litigation, the final outcomes of these
matters could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the Financial Statements. As a result, the Company may be required to recognize additional charges in its Statements of Operations and pay significant additional amounts with respect to
current or prior periods, or its taxes in the future could increase, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition. 
 tax-related 
 In connection with the Separation, 21st Century Fox received a private letter ruling from the Internal
Revenue Service (“IRS”) and an opinion from its tax counsel confirming the 
 status of the Separation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The private letter ruling and the opinion relied on
certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations from the Company and 21st Century Fox regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the
opinion, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution or the related internal reorganization transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has
been violated. If the internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately determined to be taxable, 21st Century Fox and/or the Company would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and 21st Century Fox would recognize gain in an
amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the Company’s common stock distributed to 21st Century Fox’s stockholders on the Distribution Date over 21st Century Fox’s tax basis in such shares. The Company may in
certain circumstances be required to indemnify 21st Century Fox for liabilities arising out of the foregoing. Specifically, under the terms of the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement that the Company and 21st Century Fox entered into in
connection with the Separation, in the event that the distribution or the internal transactions intended not to be subject to tax were determined to be subject to tax and such determination was the result of certain actions taken, or omitted to be
taken, after the Separation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and such actions (1) were inconsistent with any representation or covenant made in connection with the private letter ruling or opinion of 21st Century Fox’s tax
counsel, (2) violated any representation or covenant made in the Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement, or (3) the Company or any of its subsidiaries knew or reasonably should have expected, after consultation with its advisors, could
result in any such determination, the Company will be responsible for any 
 liabilities incurred by 21st Century Fox as a result of such determination. 
 tax-free 
 tax-related 
 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Tax Act
instituted significant changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system including, among other things, lowering the corporate tax rate and implementing a partial territorial tax system. The Company recorded provisional charges during fiscal 2018 for
certain transitional impacts associated with these changes. In addition, a number of other provisions in the Tax Act do not take effect until fiscal 2019, including changes to limits on the deductions for executive compensation, a tax on global
intangible 
 income, the base erosion anti-abuse tax and a deduction for foreign-derived intangible income. The Company continues to assess the full impact of the Tax Act, including finalizing the
transitional impacts referenced above, and cannot predict the manner in which provisions of the Tax Act or any related regulations, legislation or accounting standards may be interpreted or enforced or whether such interpretation or enforcement may
have a material adverse effect on its income tax expense and/or its business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 19 to the Financial Statements for more information regarding the impact of the Tax Act. 
 low-taxed 
 The Company’s International Operations Expose it to Additional Risks that Could Adversely Affect its Business, Operating Results and Financial
Condition. 
 In its fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, approximately 57% of the Company’s revenues were derived outside the U.S.,
and the Company is focused on expanding the international scope of its operations. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including (1) issues related to managing international operations; (2) economic uncertainties
and volatility in local markets and political or social instability; (3) potentially adverse changes in tax laws and regulations; (4) compliance with international laws and regulations, including foreign ownership restrictions and data
privacy requirements such as the GDPR; (5) compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act; (6) restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange; and
(7) compliance with local labor laws and regulations. For example, Brexit may, among other things, adversely affect economic and market conditions in the U.K. and the European Union and create uncertainty around doing business in the U.K.,
including with respect to data protection and transfer, tax rates and the recruitment and retention of employees. Events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the Company’s international operations could result in
reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Challenges 
 associated with operating globally may increase as the Company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities. 
 The Company is Party to Agreements with Third Parties Relating to Certain of its Businesses That Contain Operational and Management Restrictions
and/or Other Rights That, Depending on the Circumstances, May Not be in the Best Interest of the Company. 
 The Company is party to
agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that restrict the Company’s ability to take specified actions and contain other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the Company. 
 For example, the Company and Telstra are parties to a Shareholders’ Agreement with respect to new Foxtel containing certain minority protections for Telstra, including standard governance provisions, as well as transfer and exit rights.
The Shareholders’ Agreement provides Telstra with the right to appoint two directors to the Board of new Foxtel, as well as Board and shareholder-level veto rights over certain 
 course and/or
material corporate actions that may prevent new Foxtel from taking actions that are in the interests of the Company. The Shareholders’ Agreement also provides for (1) certain transfer restrictions, which could adversely affect the
Company’s ability to effect such transfers and/or the prices at which those transfers may occur, and (2) exit arrangements, which could, in certain circumstances, force the Company to sell its interest, subject to rights of first and, in
some cases, last refusals. 
 non-ordinary 
 In addition, Move, the Company’s digital real estate services business in the U.S.,
operates the realtor.com 
 website under an agreement with NAR that is perpetual in duration. However, NAR may
terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. If the operating agreement with NAR is terminated, the NAR License would also terminate, and Move would be required to transfer
a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com 
 website to NAR and provide NAR with copies of its
agreements with advertisers and data content providers. NAR would then be able to operate a realtor.com 
 website, either by itself or with another third party. 
 Theft of the Company’s Content, including Digital Piracy and Signal Theft, may
Decrease Revenue and Adversely Affect the Company’s Business and Profitability. 
 The Company’s success depends in part on its
ability to maintain and monetize the intellectual property rights in its content, and theft of its brands, programming, digital content, books and other copyrighted material affects the value of its content. Developments in technology, including the
wide availability of higher Internet bandwidth and reduced storage costs, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute pirated material, including from other less-regulated countries into the
Company’s primary markets. The Company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy by preventing unauthorized access to such content through the use of encryption of programming content, signal encryption and other security access devices and
digital rights management software, as well as by obtaining site blocking orders against pirate streaming and torrent sites and a variety of other actions, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. However, these
efforts are not always successful, and the Company cannot ensure that it will be able to reduce or control theft of its content. Moreover, protection of the Company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its
rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. If those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the Company’s rights, or if existing laws are
changed, the Company’s ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. The proliferation of unauthorized use of the Company’s content may have an
adverse effect on its business and profitability by reducing the revenue that the Company potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its content. 
 Failure by the Company to Protect Certain Intellectual Property and Brands Could Adversely Impact the Company’s Results of Operation and Financial Condition. 
 The Company’s businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names and other proprietary rights, as well
as licenses and other contractual arrangements, including licenses relating to 
 sports programming rights, 
 box technology and related systems, the NAR License and the Fox Licenses, to establish, obtain and protect the
intellectual property and brand names used in their businesses. The Company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its
competitive position. However, the Company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights will be upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the Company against infringement claims by third parties, and effective intellectual
property protection may not be available in every country or region in which the Company operates or where its products are available. Any failure by the Company to effectively protect its intellectual property or brands could adversely impact the
Company’s results of operations or financial condition. In addition, the Company may be contractually required to indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims. 
 set-top 
 Newsprint Prices May Continue to Be Volatile and Difficult to Predict and Control, and any Increase in Newsprint Costs may Adversely Affect the
Company’s Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
 Newsprint is one of the largest expenses of the Company’s
newspaper publishing units. During the quarter ended June 30, 2018, the Company’s average cost per ton of newsprint was approximately 1% lower than its historical average annual cost per ton over the past five fiscal years on a constant
currency basis. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and a number of factors may cause prices to increase, including: (1) the closure and consolidation of newsprint mills, which has reduced the number of suppliers over the
years; (2) the imposition of tariffs or other restrictions on 
 suppliers of paper; (3) an increase in supplier operating expenses due to rising raw material or energy costs or other factors;
(4) failure to maintain the Company’s current consumption levels; and (5) the inability to maintain the Company’s existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers. Any increase in the cost of newsprint could have an adverse
effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 non-U.S. 
 Damage, Failure or Destruction of Satellites and
Transmitter Facilities that the Company’s 
 Business Depends Upon to Distribute its Programming Could Adversely Affect the Company’s Business and Results of Operations 
 Pay-TV 
 The Company’s 
 business uses satellite systems to transmit its programming to its subscribers and/or
authorized sublicensees. The distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. In addition, each of the Company’s cable networks uses studio and transmitter facilities. Transmissions may be disrupted or degraded
as a result of local disasters, including extreme weather, that damage or destroy 
 uplinks or downlinks or studio and transmitter facilities, or as a result of damage to a satellite. Satellites are
subject to significant operational and environmental risks while in orbit, including anomalies resulting from various factors such as manufacturing defects and problems with power or control systems, as well as environmental hazards such as
meteoroid events, electrostatic storms and collisions with space debris. These events may result in the loss of one or more transponders on a satellite or the entire satellite and/or reduce the useful life of the satellite, which could, in turn,
lead to a disruption or loss of 
 services to the Company’s customers. The Company does not carry commercial insurance for business disruptions or losses resulting from the foregoing events as it
believes the cost of insurance premiums is uneconomical relative to the risk. Instead, the Company seeks to mitigate this risk through the maintenance of backup satellite capacity and other contingency plans. However, these steps may not be
sufficient, and if the Company is unable to secure alternate distribution, studio and/or transmission facilities in a timely manner, any such disruption or loss could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
 pay-TV 
 on-ground 
 pay-TV 
 The Company’s 
 Business Depends on a Single or Limited Number of
Third Party Service Providers and Suppliers for Certain Key Products or Services 
 Pay-TV 
 and Any Reduction or Interruption in the Supply of These Products and Services or a Significant Increase in Price Could Have an Adverse Effect on
the Company’s Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
 The Company’s 
 business depends on a single or limited number of third party service providers and suppliers to supply certain key products and services necessary to provide its 
 services. In particular, the 
 pay-TV 
 pay-TV 
 Company depends on Optus to provide all of its satellite transponder capacity, and ARRIS and Technicolor are the Company’s sole suppliers of satellite and cable 
 boxes and the Foxtel Now box, respectively. If any of these service providers or suppliers breaches or terminates their agreements with the Company or otherwise fails to perform their obligations in a timely
manner, experiences operating or financial difficulties, is unable to meet demand due to component shortages, insufficient capacity or otherwise, significantly increases the amount the Company pays for necessary products or services or ceases
production of any necessary product, the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. While the Company will seek alternative sources for these products and services where possible, it may not be
able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, which could impair its ability to timely deliver its products and services to its subscribers or operate its business. 
 set-top 
 Labor Disputes May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business. 
 In a variety of
the Company’s businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. If the Company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take
action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business by causing
delays in production or by reducing profit margins. 
 The Market Price of the Company’s Stock May Fluctuate Significantly. 
 The Company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. The market price of the Company’s common stock may
fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the Company’s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated
fluctuations in the Company’s operating results; (3) success or failure of the Company’s business strategy; (4) the Company’s ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies,
guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the Company’s business; (7) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant new business developments or customers;
(8) announcements by the Company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the Company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the
operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) investor perception of the Company and the industries in which it operates; (12) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (13) changes
in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and (14) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions. 
 Certain of the Company’s Directors and Officers May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest Because of Their Equity Ownership in 21st Century Fox, and Certain of the Company’s Officers
and Directors May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest Because They Also Serve as Officers and/or on the Board of Directors of 21st Century Fox, Which May Result in the Diversion of Corporate Opportunities to 21st Century Fox. 
 Certain of the Company’s directors and executive officers own shares of 21st Century Fox’s common stock, and the individual
holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. In addition, certain of the Company’s officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of 21st Century Fox, including K. Rupert Murdoch,
who serves as the Company’s Executive Chairman and Executive Chairman of 21st Century Fox, Lachlan K. Murdoch, who serves as the Company’s 
 and Executive Chairman of 21st Century Fox, and
James R. Murdoch, who serves as a director of the Company and Chief Executive Officer of 21st Century Fox. This ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and
officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the Company and 21st Century Fox. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the
Company and 21st Century Fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the internal reorganization, the Separation and the relationship thereafter between the companies, including with respect to the indemnification of certain matters. In
addition to any other arrangements that the Company and 21st Century Fox may agree to implement, the Company and 
 Co-Chairman 
 21st Century Fox have agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies. 
 The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation acknowledges that the Company’s directors and officers, as well as certain of
its stockholders, including K. Rupert Murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the Company and 21st Century Fox), each of
which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of 21st Century Fox and certain of its affiliates. The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that any
such overlapping person will not be liable to the Company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of
restricted business opportunities set forth in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation) to 21st Century Fox instead of the Company. As 21st Century Fox does not have a similar provision regarding corporate opportunities in its
certificate of incorporation, the provisions in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to 21st Century
Fox instead of the Company. 
 Certain Provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated 
 Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement, Separation and Distribution Agreement and Delaware Law, the Company’s Third Amended and Restated Stockholder Rights Agreement and the Ownership of the
Company’s Common Stock by the Murdoch Family Trust May Discourage Takeovers, and the Concentration of Ownership Will Affect the Voting Results of Matters Submitted for Stockholder Approval. 
 By-laws, 
 The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated 
 contain certain
anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the Company’s Board of Directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting
power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock. In particular, the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated 
 provide for, among other things: 
 By-laws 
 By-laws 
 a dual class common equity capital structure; 
 a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting; 
 special stockholders’ meeting to be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the
voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock; 
 the requirement that stockholders give the Company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the Board of Directors or to make stockholder
proposals at a stockholders’ meeting; 
 the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its 
 by-laws; 
 vacancies on the Board of Directors to be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 
 certain restrictions on the transfer of the Company’s shares; and 
 the Board of Directors to issue, without stockholder approval, Preferred Stock and Series Common Stock with such terms as the Board of Directors may
determine. 
 These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control
of the Company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable. 
 In addition, in
connection with the Separation, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in June 2014, June 2015 and again in June 2018. Pursuant to the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement,
each outstanding share of the Company’s common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the Company additional shares of its Class A Common Stock and 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company owns and leases various real properties in the U.S., Europe, Australia and Asia that are utilized in the conduct of its businesses. Each of these properties is considered to be in good
condition, adequate for its purpose and suitably utilized according to the individual nature and requirements of the relevant operations. The Company’s policy is to improve and replace property as considered appropriate to meet the needs of the
individual operation. 
 United States 
 The Company’s principal real properties in the U.S. are the following: 
 (a) 
 The U.S. headquarters of the Company, located at 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York and the offices of the Company located at
1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, each of which are subleased from 21st Century Fox. These spaces include the executive and corporate offices of the Company, the executive and editorial offices of Dow Jones, the editorial offices of
the 
 Post 
 and the executive offices of NAM; 
 (b) 
 The leased offices of HarperCollins U.S. in New York, New York; 
 (c) 
 The leased offices of HarperCollins U.S. in Scranton, Pennsylvania; 
 (d) 
 The leased printing plant of the 
 Post 
 located in Bronx, New York; 
 (e) 
 The leased offices of Move in Santa Clara, California; 
 Class B Common Stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding Class B Common Stock without approval of the Company’s
Board of Directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of the Company’s Class B Common Stock immediately following the Separation. The stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a
third-party to acquire the Company’s voting common stock without the approval of its Board of Directors. The rights expire on June 18, 2021, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. Further, as a result of his ability to
appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the Murdoch Family Trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the Company’s outstanding Class A Common Stock and approximately 38.4% of the
Company’s Class B Common Stock as of August 7, 2018, K. Rupert Murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the Murdoch Family Trust. K. Rupert Murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership
of these shares. Also, K. Rupert Murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the Company’s Class B Common Stock and less than one percent of the Company’s Class A Common Stock as of
August 7, 2018. Thus, K. Rupert Murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the Company’s Class A Common Stock and approximately 39.4% of the Company’s Class B Common Stock as of
August 7, 2018. This concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the Company. Additionally, the ownership concentration of Class B Common Stock by the Murdoch Family Trust
increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the Murdoch Family Trust will be adopted and proposals that the Murdoch Family Trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals
to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of Class B Common Stock. Furthermore, the adoption of the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the Company’s Board of Directors otherwise
determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the Company’s Class B Common Stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the Murdoch Family Trust’s influence over
matters submitted for stockholder approval.