Risk Factors 
 You should carefully
consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing MicroStrategy. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also impair our business operations. 
 If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or
results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our class A common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Our quarterly operating results, revenues, and expenses may fluctuate significantly, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock 
 For a number of reasons, including those described below, our operating results, revenues, and expenses have in the past varied and may in the future vary
significantly from quarter to quarter. These fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the market price of our class A common stock. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, in part, as a result of: 
 Fluctuations in Quarterly Operating Results. 
 the size, timing, volume, and execution of significant orders and shipments; 
 the mix of products and services of customer orders, which can affect whether we recognize revenue upon the signing and delivery of our software
products or whether revenue must be recognized as work progresses or over the entire contract period; 
 the timing of the release or delivery of new or enhanced products, which may affect the period in which we are able to recognize revenue; 
 the timing of new product announcements by us or our competitors; 
 changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 market acceptance of business intelligence software generally and of new and enhanced versions of our products and services in particular; 
 the length of our sales cycles; 
 seasonal factors, such as our traditionally lower pace of new product licenses transactions in the summer; 
 changes in our operating expenses; 
 the timing of research and development projects and the capitalization of software development costs; 
 personnel changes; 
 our use of direct and indirect distribution channels; 
 utilization of our consulting and education services, which can be affected by delays or deferrals of customer implementation of our software products; 
 the quarterly performance of our Angel.com business; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our profitability and expectations for future profitability and its effect on our deferred tax assets and net income for the period in which any
adjustment to our net deferred tax asset valuation allowance may be made; 
 increases or decreases in our liability for unrecognized tax benefits; and 
 changes in customer budgets. 
 We base our operating expense budgets on expected revenue trends. Many of our expenses, such as office leases, corporate aircraft arrangements, and certain
personnel costs, are relatively fixed. We may be unable to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any shortfall in revenue may cause significant variation in operating results in any quarter. 
 Limited Ability to Adjust Expenses. 
 Based on the above factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not a good indication of our future
performance. It is possible that in one or more future quarters, our operating results may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In that event, the trading price of our class A common stock may fall. 
 The trading price of our class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile 
 The trading price of our class A common stock historically has been volatile and may continue to be volatile. The trading price of our class A common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various
factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; 
 announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the likelihood of which may be enhanced because it is our policy not
to give guidance relating to our anticipated financial performance in future periods; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments; 
 the emergence of new sales channels in which we are unable to compete effectively; 
 our ability to develop, market, and deliver new and enhanced offerings on a timely basis; 
 commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation; 
 any major change in our board or management; 
 changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals; 
 recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates; 
 announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 
 the volume of shares of class A common stock available for public sale; 
 sales of stock by us or by our stockholders; 
 short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions involving shares of our class A common stock; and 
 general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of technology companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
 We may not be able to sustain or increase profitability in the future 
 We generated net income for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009; however, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the
future. 
 In 2011, we significantly increased our headcount as part of our initiatives to focus specific research and development efforts on
providing our customers with high levels of performance for BI applications of all sizes and introducing a number of innovative technologies designed to enable companies to capitalize on the big data, mobile, cloud, and social media trends in the
marketplace. Similarly, we increased the size of our sales and services teams to better serve new and existing customers. As a result, our cost of revenues and operating expenses have significantly increased. If our revenues are not sufficient to
offset these increased operating expenses or we are unable to timely adjust our operating expenses in response to any shortfall in anticipated revenue, our profitability may decrease or we may cease to be profitable or incur operating losses. As a
result, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 As of December 31, 2011,
we had $34.5 million of deferred tax assets, net of a $0.7 million valuation allowance, and if we are unable to sustain profitability, we may be required to increase the valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets, which would result in a
charge that would adversely affect net income in the period in which the charge is incurred. 
 Economic uncertainty, particularly in the
financial services and retail industries, could adversely affect our business and results of operations 
 General worldwide economic
conditions have experienced a significant prolonged downturn and remain uncertain. Economic uncertainty, such as uncertainty in connection with the United States debt ceiling and various European sovereign debt crises, makes it extremely difficult
for our customers and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and could cause our customers to slow spending on our products and services, which could delay and lengthen sales cycles. Furthermore, during uncertain economic
times our customers may face issues gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could result in an impairment of their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful
accounts and our results would be negatively impacted. 
 Furthermore, we have a significant number of customers in the financial services and
retail industries. A significant downturn in these industries may cause firms to react by reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their spending on information technology. In addition, customers in these industries
may delay or cancel information technology projects or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. Customers with excess information technology resources may choose to develop in-house software solutions rather than obtain those
solutions from us. Moreover, competitors may respond to challenging market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers. In addition, consolidation in the financial services industry may result in reduced overall spending
on our products and services. 
 We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or any subsequent recovery
generally, or in the financial services and retail industries in particular. If the conditions in the general economy 
 and the markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities 
 We are subject to income taxes and non-income taxes in a variety of domestic and foreign jurisdictions. Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings that are lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and earnings that are higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of
unrecognized tax benefits, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof. 
 Our determination of
our tax liability is subject to review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities. For example, we are currently under tax examination in Germany. Any adverse outcome of such a review could have an adverse effect on our operating results and
financial condition. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain. Moreover, as a multinational business, we have subsidiaries that engage in many intercompany transactions in a variety of tax jurisdictions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 
 We also have contingent tax liabilities that, in management’s judgment, are not probable of assertion. If such unasserted contingent liabilities
were to be asserted, or become probable of assertion, we may be required to record significant expenses and liabilities in the period in which these liabilities are asserted or become probable of assertion. 
 As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and
any such difference may materially affect our financial results in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined. 
 If the market for business intelligence software fails to grow as we expect, or if businesses fail to adopt our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially
adversely affected 
 Nearly all of our revenues to date have come from sales of business intelligence software and related technical
support, consulting, and education services. We expect these sales to account for a large portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. Although demand for business intelligence software has grown in recent years, the market for business
intelligence software applications continues to evolve. Resistance from consumer and privacy groups to increased commercial collection and use of data on spending patterns and other personal behavior and governmental restrictions on the collection
and use of personal data may impair the further growth of this market, as may other developments. We cannot be sure that this market will continue to grow or, even if it does grow, that businesses will adopt our solutions. We have spent, and intend
to keep spending, considerable resources to educate potential customers about business intelligence software in general and our solutions in particular. However, we cannot be sure that these expenditures will help our products achieve any additional
market acceptance. If the market fails to grow or grows more slowly than we currently expect, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. 
 We face intense competition, which may lead to lower prices for our products and services, reduced gross margins, loss of market share, and reduced revenue 
 The markets for business intelligence software, analytical applications, and information delivery are intensely competitive and subject to rapidly
changing technology. In addition, many companies in these markets are offering, or may soon offer, products and services that may compete with MicroStrategy products and services. 
 MicroStrategy faces competitors in several broad categories, including full business intelligence platforms,
analytics applications, dashboarding tools, data visualization and exploration tools, report generation and delivery tools, and mobile BI products. Independent competitors that are primarily focused on business intelligence products include, among
others, Actuate, arcplan, Information Builders, LogiXML, Qlik Technologies, Roambi, the SAS Institute, Tableau Software, and TIBCO Spotfire. We also compete with large software corporations, including suppliers of enterprise resource planning
software that provide one or more capabilities competitive with our products, such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, and Infor, and with open source business intelligence vendors, including Pentaho and JasperSoft. 
 Some of our competitors have longer operating histories and significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we do. As a result,
they may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale, and marketing of their products than we can, such as offering certain
business intelligence products free of charge when bundled with other software offerings. In addition, many of our competitors have strong relationships with current and potential customers, extensive industry and specialized business knowledge, as
well as corresponding proprietary technologies that they can leverage, such as multidimensional databases and ERP repositories. As a result, they may be able to prevent MicroStrategy from penetrating new accounts or expanding within existing
accounts. 
 Increased competition may lead to price cuts, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. We may not be able to compete
successfully against current and future competitors and the failure to meet the competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Current and future competitors may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with others. For example,
SAP acquired Sybase in July 2010 and IBM acquired Netezza in November 2010. By doing so, these competitors may increase their ability to meet the needs of our potential customers by virtue of their expanded offerings. Our current or prospective
indirect channel partners may establish cooperative relationships with our current or future competitors. These relationships may limit our ability to sell our products and services through specific distribution channels. Accordingly, new
competitors or alliances among current and future competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. These developments could limit our ability to obtain revenues from new customers and to maintain technical support revenues from our
installed customer base. In addition, basic office productivity suites, such as Microsoft Office, could evolve to offer analysis and reporting capabilities that may reduce the demand for our products and services. 
 We depend on revenue from a single suite of products 
 Our MicroStrategy BI Platform and related products account for a substantial portion of our revenue. Because of this revenue concentration, our business could be harmed by a decline in demand for, or in
the prices of, our MicroStrategy BI Platform software as a result of, among other factors, any change in our pricing model, increased competition, a maturation in the markets for these products, or other risks described in this document. 
 If we are unable to develop and release product enhancements and new products to respond to rapid technological change in a timely and cost-effective
manner, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected 
 The market for our products is
characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changing customer demands, and evolving industry standards. The introduction of products embodying new technologies can quickly make existing products
obsolete and unmarketable. We believe that our future success depends largely on three factors: 
 our ability to continue to support a number of popular operating systems and databases; 
 our ability to maintain and improve our current product line; and 
 our ability to rapidly develop new products that achieve market acceptance, maintain technological competitiveness, and meet an expanding range of
customer requirements. 
 Business intelligence applications are inherently complex, and it can take a long time and require
significant research and development expenditures to develop and test new products and product enhancements. In addition, customers may delay their purchasing decisions because they anticipate that new or enhanced versions of our products will soon
become available. We cannot be sure that we will succeed in developing, marketing, and delivering on a timely and cost-effective basis product enhancements or new products that respond to technological change or new customer requirements, nor can we
be sure that any new products and product enhancements will achieve market acceptance. Moreover, even if we introduce a new product, we may experience a decline in revenues of our existing products that is not fully matched by the new product’s
revenue. For example, customers may delay making purchases of a new product to permit them to make a more thorough evaluation of the product, or until industry and marketplace reviews become widely available. Some customers may hesitate migrating to
a new product due to concerns regarding the complexity of migration and product infancy issues on performance. In addition, we may lose existing customers who choose a competitor’s product rather than migrate to our new product. This could
result in a temporary or permanent revenue shortfall and materially affect our business. 
 Our investment in new business strategies and
initiatives could disrupt the operations of our ongoing business and present risks that we have not adequately anticipated 
 We have
invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies and initiatives. For example, we recently introduced a number of innovative technologies designed to enable companies to capitalize on the big data, mobile, cloud, and social media
trends in the marketplace. These endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from other business operations, the dedication of significant research and development, sales and marketing, and other
resources to these new initiatives at the expense of our other business operations, generation of insufficient revenue to offset expenses associated with new initiatives, inadequate return of capital, and other risks that we may not have adequately
anticipated. Because new strategies and initiatives are inherently risky, these strategies and initiatives may not be successful and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 Business disruptions could affect our operating results 
 A significant portion of our research and development activities and certain other critical business operations are concentrated in a single facility in Northern Virginia. We are also a highly automated
business and a disruption or failure of our systems could cause delays in completing sales and providing services. A major earthquake, fire, act of terrorism, or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our
critical business operations or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and as a result our future operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we are required to further write down the value of our owned corporate aircraft or to reduce its estimated salvage value as a result of damage to
the aircraft sustained in connection with the collapse of the hangar in which it was located, such loss could materially and adversely affect our results of operations 
 In February 2010, our owned corporate aircraft was damaged when the hangar space that we lease at Dulles International Airport to house the aircraft collapsed during snowfall in the Washington, DC
area. Our balance sheet as of December 31, 2011 includes as part of property and equipment, net, an asset of $36.7 million representing the capitalized costs of the aircraft and aircraft-related equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, and
net of an aggregate $8.6 million impairment charge based on the cost of repairs associated with our efforts to return the aircraft to service. We expect that the repair process for the aircraft may be completed and the aircraft 
 may be returned to service in the first half of 2012. Nevertheless, the cost of necessary repairs remains uncertain. Consequently, we may record additional impairment charges in one or more
future periods in amounts that may be up to the remaining carrying value of the aircraft. 
 We carry insurance that covers both accidental
damage to and physical loss of the aircraft. Our insurance policy will pay up to $50.0 million in repair costs to the extent the aircraft is repairable or $50.0 million if the aircraft is determined to be a total loss. The insurance policy has paid
$7.1 million through December 31, 2011. If any future aircraft impairment charge is not offset by insurance proceeds of an equivalent amount, or if such offset does not occur in the same period as the impairment charge, our reported results of
operations and stockholders’ equity in the period in which the impairment charge occurs may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, if in
the future we determine that the estimated salvage value of the aircraft has been reduced as a result of this event, the aggregate amount of depreciation expense that we would incur over the useful life of the aircraft could increase, which in turn
may reduce our net income in future periods. 
 We use strategic channel partners and if we are unable to maintain successful relationships
with them, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected 
 In addition to our direct sales
force, we use strategic channel partners such as value-added resellers, system integrators, and original equipment manufacturers to license and support our products. For the year ended December 31, 2011, transactions by channel partners for
which we recognized revenues accounted for 14.7% of our total product licenses revenues. Our channel partners generally offer customers the products of several different companies, including products that compete with ours. Because our channel
partners generally do not have an exclusive relationship with us, we cannot be certain that they will prioritize or provide adequate resources to selling our products. Moreover, divergence in strategy or contract defaults by any of these channel
partners may materially adversely affect our ability to develop, market, sell, or support our products. 
 Although we believe that direct sales
will continue to account for a majority of product licenses revenues, we seek to maintain a significant level of indirect sales activities through our strategic channel partners. There can be no assurance that our strategic channel partners will
continue to cooperate with us. In addition, there can be no assurance that actions taken or omitted to be taken by such parties will not adversely affect us. Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend in part on our ability to
maintain successful relationships with our strategic partners. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these strategic partners, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, we rely on our strategic channel partners to operate in accordance with the terms of their contractual agreements with us. For example, our
agreements with our channel partners limit the terms and conditions pursuant to which they are authorized to resell or distribute our software and offer technical support and related services. We also typically require our channel partners to
represent to us the dates and details of product licenses transactions sold through to end user customers. If our strategic channel partners do not comply with their contractual obligations to us, our business, results of operations, and financial
condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our recognition of deferred revenue and advance payments and future customer purchase
commitments is subject to future performance obligations and may not be representative of revenues for succeeding periods 
 Our gross
current and non-current deferred revenue and advance payments totaled $192.4 million as of December 31, 2011. We offset our accounts receivable and deferred revenue for any unpaid items, which totaled $78.4 million, resulting in net deferred
revenue and advance payments of $114.0 million as of December 31, 2011. The timing and ultimate recognition of our deferred revenue and advance payments depend on various factors, including our performance of various service obligations. 
 We have also entered into certain additional agreements that include future minimum commitments by our
customers to purchase products, product support, or other services through 2016 totaling $112.7 million. These future commitments are not included in our deferred revenue balances. Because of the possibility of customer changes or delays in customer
development or implementation schedules or budgets, and the need for us to satisfactorily perform product support services, deferred revenue and advance payments at any particular date may not be representative of actual revenue for any succeeding
period. 
 Managing our international operations is complex and our failure to do so successfully or in a cost-effective manner could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition 
 We receive a significant portion of our total revenues
from international sales from foreign direct and indirect operations. International revenues accounted for 41.4%, 39.7%, and 40.0% of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Our international
operations require significant management attention and financial resources. 
 There are certain risks inherent in our international business
activities including: 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 tariffs, export restrictions, and other trade barriers; 
 costs of localizing products; 
 lack of acceptance of localized products; 
 difficulties in and costs of staffing, managing, and operating our international operations; 
 tax issues, including restrictions on repatriating earnings; 
 weaker intellectual property protection; 
 economic weakness or currency related crises; 
 the burden of complying with a wide variety of laws, including labor laws; 
 generally longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 
 our ability to adapt to sales practices and customer requirements in different cultures; and 
 political instability in the countries where we are doing business. 
 During President Obama’s January 25, 2012 State of the Union address, the President indicated his intention to release a proposed corporate tax reform package in February 2012. It is unclear
what the scope of the proposals will be and the extent to which the proposals may be enacted. Significant changes to the U.S. taxation of our international income could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 From time to time, we may undertake various potential intercompany transactions and legal entity restructurings that involve our international
subsidiaries. We consider various factors in evaluating these potential transactions and restructurings, including the alignment of our corporate structure with our organizational objectives, the operational and tax efficiency of our corporate
structure, and the long-term cash flows and cash needs of our business. Such transactions and restructurings could negatively impact our overall tax rate and result in additional tax liabilities. 
 In addition, compliance with foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that are applicable to our international operations is complex and may increase our
cost of doing business in international jurisdictions, and our international operations could expose us to fines and penalties if we fail to comply with these regulations. These 
 laws and regulations include import and export requirements, U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, which took effect on July 1, 2011, and local
laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, partners, and other persons with
whom we do business will not take actions in violation of our policies or these laws. Any violations of these laws could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial fines or prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and
services to one or more countries, and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, and our international expansion efforts. 
 These
factors may have a material adverse effect on our future sales and, consequently, on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We may lose sales, or sales may be delayed, due to the long sales and implementation cycles for our products, which could reduce our revenues 
 To date, our customers have typically invested substantial time, money, and other resources and involved many people in the decision to
license our software products and purchase our consulting and other services. As a result, we may wait nine months or more after the first contact with a customer for that customer to place an order while it seeks internal approval for the purchase
of our products or services. During this long sales cycle, events may occur that affect the size and/or timing of the order or even cause it to be canceled. For example, our competitors may introduce new products, or the customer’s own budget
and purchasing priorities may change. 
 Even after an order is placed, the time it takes to deploy our products and complete consulting
engagements can vary widely. Implementing our product can take several months, depending on the customer’s needs, and may begin only with a pilot program. It may be difficult to deploy our products if the customer has complicated deployment
requirements, which typically involve integrating databases, hardware, and software from different vendors. If a customer hires a third party to deploy our products, we cannot be sure that our products will be deployed successfully. 
 Our results in any particular period may depend upon the number and volume of large transactions in that period and these transactions may involve
more lengthy, complex, and unpredictable sales cycles than other transactions 
 As existing and potential customers seek to standardize on a
single business intelligence vendor, our business may experience larger transactions at the enterprise level and larger transactions may account for a greater proportion of our business. The presence or absence of one or more large transactions in a
particular period may have a material positive or negative effect on our revenue and operating results for that period. For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, our top three product licenses transactions with recognized revenue
totaled $9.5 million, $8.3 million, and $8.3 million respectively, or 6.2%, 6.5%, and 8.2% of total product licenses revenues, respectively. These transactions represent significant business and financial decisions for our customers and require
considerable effort on the part of customers to assess alternative products and require additional levels of management approval before being concluded. They are also often more complex than smaller transactions. These factors generally lengthen the
typical sales cycle and increase the risk that the customer’s purchasing decision may be postponed or delayed from one period to another subsequent or later period or that the customer will alter his purchasing requirements. The sales effort
and service delivery scope for larger transactions also require additional resources to execute the transaction. These factors could result in lower than anticipated revenue and earnings for a particular period or in the reduction of estimated
revenue and earnings in future periods. 
 We face a variety of risks in doing business with the U.S. and foreign governments, various state and
local governments, and agencies, including risks related to the procurement process, budget constraints and cycles, termination of contracts, and compliance with government contracting regulations 
 Our customers include the U.S. government and a number of state and local governments and agencies. There are a variety of risks in doing business with
government entities, including: 
 Contracting with public sector customers is highly competitive and can be
time-consuming and expensive, requiring that we incur significant up-front time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. 
 Procurement. 
 Demand and payment for our products and services are impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding availability, with funding reductions or delays
adversely impacting public sector demand for our products and services. 
 Budgetary Constraints and Cycles. 
 Public sector
customers often have contractual or other legal rights to terminate current contracts for convenience or due to a default. If a contract is terminated for convenience, which can occur if the customer’s needs change, we may only be able to
collect for products or services delivered prior to termination and settlement expenses. If a contract is terminated because of default, we may not recover even those amounts, and we may be liable for excess costs incurred by the customer for
procuring alternative products or services. 
 Termination of Contracts. 
 Government contractors
are required to comply with a variety of complex laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, or performance of government contracts that give public sector customers substantial rights and remedies, many
of which are not typically found in commercial contracts. These may include rights with respect to price protection, the accuracy of information provided to the government, contractor compliance with socio-economic policies, and other terms that are
particular to government contracts. U.S. government and state and local governments and agencies routinely investigate and audit contractors for compliance with these laws, regulations, and contractual provisions. If, as a result of an audit or
review, it is determined that we have failed to comply with such laws, regulations, or contractual provisions, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits,
cost associated with the triggering of price reduction clauses, fines, and suspensions or debarment from future government business, and we may suffer harm to our reputation. 
 Compliance with Government Contracting Regulations. 
 Our customers also include a number of foreign governments and agencies. Similar procurement, budgetary, contract, and audit risks also apply to our doing business with these entities. In addition,
compliance with complex regulations and contracting provisions in a variety of jurisdictions can be expensive and consume significant management resources. In certain jurisdictions our ability to win business may be constrained by political and
other factors unrelated to our competitive position in the market. Each of these difficulties could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We depend on technology licensed to us by third parties, and the loss of this technology could impair our software, delay implementation of our products, or force us to pay higher license fees 
 We license third-party technologies that we incorporate into our existing products. There can be no assurance that the licenses for such
third-party technologies will not be terminated or that we will be able to license third-party software for future products. In addition, we may be unable to renegotiate acceptable third-party license terms. Changes in or the loss of third party
licenses could lead to a material increase in the costs of licensing or to our software products becoming inoperable or their performance being materially reduced, with the result that we may need to incur additional development costs to ensure
continued performance of our products, and we may experience a decreased demand for our products. 
 If we are unable to recruit or retain skilled personnel, or if we lose the services of any of our key
management personnel, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected 
 Our future success
depends on our continuing ability to attract, train, assimilate, and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition for these employees is intense. We may not be able to retain our current key employees or attract, train, assimilate, or retain other
highly skilled personnel in the future. Our future success also depends in large part on the continued service of key management personnel, particularly Michael J. Saylor, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Sanju K. Bansal, our
Vice Chairman, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. If we lose the services of one or both of these individuals or other key personnel, or if we are unable to attract, train, assimilate, and retain the highly skilled personnel we
need, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 The emergence of new industry
standards may adversely affect the demand for our existing products 
 The emergence of new industry standards in related fields may
adversely affect the demand for our existing products. This could happen, for example, if new web standards and technologies emerged that were incompatible with customer deployments of our products. MicroStrategy currently supports SQL and MDX
standards in database access technology. If we are unable to adapt our products on a timely basis to new standards in database access technology, the ability of MicroStrategy’s products to access customer databases could be impaired. In
addition, the emergence of new standards in the field of operating system support could adversely affect the demand for our existing products. MicroStrategy technology is currently compatible with most major operating systems, including, among
others, Windows Server, Sun Solaris, IBM AIX, HP’s HP-UX, Red Hat Linux AS, SuSE Linux Enterprise Server, Apple’s iOS, RIM’s Blackberry OS, and Google’s Android. If a different operating system were to gain widespread acceptance,
we may not be able to achieve compatibility on a timely basis, resulting in an adverse effect on the demand for our products. 
 The nature
of our products makes them particularly vulnerable to undetected errors, or bugs, which could cause problems with how the products perform and which could in turn reduce demand for our products, reduce our revenue, and lead to product liability
claims against us 
 Software products as complex as ours may contain errors and/or defects. Although we test our products extensively, we
have in the past discovered software errors in our products after their introduction. Despite testing by us and by our current and potential customers, errors may be found in new products or releases after commercial shipments begin. This could
result in lost revenue, damage to our reputation, or delays in market acceptance, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may also have to expend resources and capital to correct
these defects. 
 Our license agreements with customers typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to product liability,
warranty, and other claims. It is possible, however, that these provisions may not be effective under the laws of certain domestic or international jurisdictions and we may be exposed to product liability, warranty, and other claims. A successful
product liability claim against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy or protection of personal data, or any failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or
our privacy policies, could adversely affect our business 
 Aspects of our business, including our MicroStrategy Cloud and social
intelligence offerings, involve processing and storing personal data, which is subject to our privacy policies and certain federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection. The amount of data that we store for
our customers on our servers, including personal data, is increasing. Any systems failure or security breach that results in the release of personal data, or any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies or any
applicable laws 
 or regulations relating to privacy or data protection, could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. Such proceedings could result in the imposition of fines,
penalties, liabilities, and/or governmental orders requiring that we change our data practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, any systems failure or security
breach that results in the release of personal data, or any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies or applicable laws or regulations relating to privacy or data protection, could result in a loss of customer
confidence in us and damage to our brand, which could adversely affect our business. 
 The interpretation and application of laws and
regulations relating to privacy and data protection are currently unsettled both in the U.S. and internationally. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country, and these interpretations and
applications may be inconsistent with our policies and practices. In addition, various federal, state, and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws or regulations concerning privacy and data protection that could
adversely impact our business. Complying with these varying requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, either of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our intellectual property is valuable, and any inability to protect it could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures, and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual
property. Despite our efforts, these measures can only provide limited protection. Unauthorized third parties may try to copy or reverse engineer portions of our products or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property. Any patents owned by us
may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. Any of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged, may not be issued with the scope of the claims we seek, if at all. Moreover, recent amendments to U.S.
patent law may affect our ability to protect our intellectual property and defend against claims of patent infringement. In addition, the laws of some countries do not provide the same level of protection of our intellectual property as do the laws
of the United States. If we cannot protect our intellectual property against unauthorized copying or use, we may not remain competitive. 
 Third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual property rights 
 We periodically receive notices from others claiming we are infringing their intellectual property rights, principally patent rights. We expect the number of such claims will increase as the number of
products and level of competition in our industry segments grow, the functionality of products overlap, and the volume of issued software patents and patent applications continues to increase. Responding to any infringement claim, regardless of its
validity, could: 
 be time-consuming, costly, and/or result in litigation; 
 divert management’s time and attention from developing our business; 
 require us to pay monetary damages or enter into royalty and licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable; 
 require us to stop selling certain of our products; 
 require us to redesign certain of our products using alternative non-infringing technology or practices, which could require significant effort and
expense; or 
 require us to satisfy indemnification obligations to our customers. 
 If a successful claim is made against us and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology, our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 For example, we are currently being sued by two separate parties who allege that certain of our core
business intelligence products infringe their respective patents. These matters are in the earliest stages, and are described in further detail in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Item 3. Legal Proceedings.” 
 Pending or future litigation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operation and financial condition 
 In addition to intellectual property litigation, from time to time, we have been subject to other litigation. Regardless of the merits of any claims that
may be brought against us, such litigation could result in a diversion of management’s attention and resources and we may be required to incur significant expenses defending against these claims. If we are unable to prevail in litigation we
could incur substantial liabilities. Where we can make a reasonable estimate of the liability relating to pending litigation and determine that it is probable, we record a related liability. As additional information becomes available, we assess the
potential liability and revise estimates as appropriate. However, because of uncertainties relating to litigation, the amount of our estimates could be wrong. In addition to the related cost and use of cash, pending or future litigation could cause
the diversion of management’s attention and resources. 
 Because of the rights of our two classes of common stock, and because we are
controlled by our existing holders of class B common stock, these stockholders could transfer control of MicroStrategy to a third party without the approval of our Board of Directors or our other stockholders, prevent a third party from acquiring
MicroStrategy, or limit your ability to influence corporate matters 
 We have two classes of common stock: class A common stock and class B
common stock. Holders of our class A common stock generally have the same rights as holders of our class B common stock, except that holders of class A common stock have one vote per share while holders of class B common stock have ten votes per
share. As of February 3, 2012, holders of our class B common stock owned 2,377,830 shares of class B common stock, or 73.9% of the total voting power. Michael J. Saylor, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owned
393,146 shares of class A common stock and 2,057,168 shares of class B common stock, or 64.4% of the total voting power, as of February 3, 2012. Accordingly, Mr. Saylor is able to control MicroStrategy through his ability to determine the
outcome of elections of our directors, amend our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and take other actions requiring the vote or consent of stockholders, including mergers, going-private transactions, and other extraordinary transactions and
their terms. 
 Our certificate of incorporation allows holders of class B common stock, all of whom are current employees or directors of our
company or related parties, to transfer shares of class B common stock, subject to the approval of stockholders possessing a majority of the outstanding class B common stock. Mr. Saylor or a group of stockholders possessing a majority of the
outstanding class B common stock could, without the approval of our Board of Directors or our other stockholders, transfer voting control of MicroStrategy to a third party. Such a transfer of control could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results, and financial condition. Mr. Saylor or a group of stockholders possessing a majority of the outstanding class B common stock will also be able to prevent a change of control of MicroStrategy, regardless of whether
holders of class A common stock might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then current market price. In addition, this concentrated control limits stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may
take actions that our non-controlling stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Revenue recognition accounting pronouncements may adversely affect our reported results of operations 
 We continuously review our compliance with all new and existing revenue recognition accounting pronouncements. Depending upon the outcome of these ongoing reviews and the potential issuance of further
accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations, we may be required to modify our reported results, revenue recognition policies, or business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments