Item 1A. Ris k Factors \n The more prominent risks and uncertainties inherent in our business are described in more details below.  However, these are not the only risks and uncertainties we face.  Our business may also face additional risks and uncertainties that are unknown to us at this time. \n Risks Related to the Economy \n Global Economic Conditions and Uncertainties May Continue to Affect our Business \n We derive revenues from the sale of advertising and expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical and are reflective of economic conditions. Periods of a slowing economy, recession or economic uncertainty may be accompanied by a decrease in advertising. The global economic recession that began in 2008 caused a decline in advertising and marketing by our customers, which had an adverse effect on our revenue, profit margins and cash flows. Global economic conditions were slow to recover and remain uncertain. There can be no assurance that any of the economic improvements since the recession will be broad based and sustainable, especially in light of the further negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or that they will enhance conditions in markets relevant to us. If economic conditions do not continue to improve, economic uncertainty increases or economic conditions deteriorate again; global economic conditions may once again adversely impact our business. Due to the continued uncertain pace of economic growth, we cannot predict future revenue trends. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not experience future adverse effects that may be material to our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations, or our ability to access capital. \n The volatility in global financial markets may also limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to do so, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. Accordingly, if the economy does not fully recover or worsens, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. \n The Ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic and Actions Taken by Governmental Authorities in Response to the Pandemic Could Adversely Affect Our Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition \n The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to address the public health concerns resulting from the pandemic have resulted in disruptions to our business activity, volatility in the equity markets and credit markets, and uncertainty in the U.S. and global economic outlook.  Such measures include travel restrictions and national border closings, restrictions on the conduct of non-essential business, closures of workplaces and schools, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and social distancing orders.  The measures have impacted and may further impact our business. \n Recently implemented restrictions on business activity and uncertainty in the U.S. and global economic outlook has caused advertisers to adjust their purchasing plans and a deterioration in economic conditions globally and in the markets in which we operate may cause advertisers to reduce further purchases of advertising.  Furthermore, this level of uncertainty may adversely affect our ability to develop information in order to prepare accurate financial forecasts. \n In addition, restrictive measures imposed by federal, state and local authorities in the United States as well as health-related concerns related to working conditions, have had, and may continue to have an impact on our business operations.  While we are not currently anticipating any material impact to our internal ability to operate our business as a results of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may temporarily lose the services of employees or experience interruptions in the normal conduct of businesses or operations of our systems, which could lead to inefficiencies’, and disruptions of our regular operations.