Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our company. \n Risks Related to Our Business and Operations \n Global economic conditions could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. \n General economic conditions and the cost and availability of capital may be adversely affected in some or all of the markets in which we own properties and conduct our operations. Renewed or increased turbulence in the U.S., European and other international financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our tenants, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements and may result in adverse effects on our, and our tenants’, financial condition and results of operations. \n In addition, our access to funds under our revolving credit facility and other lines of credit depend on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. We cannot assure you that long-term disruptions in the global economy and the return of tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures or nationalizations of, third party financial institutions as a result of such disruptions will not have an adverse effect on our lenders. If our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. \n If we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, access our existing lines of credit or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. Such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing development activity, disposing of one or more of our properties possibly on disadvantageous terms or entering into or renewing leases on less favorable terms than we otherwise would. \n Our portfolio of properties consists primarily of data centers geographically concentrated in certain markets and any adverse developments in local economic conditions or the demand for data center space in these markets may negatively impact our operating results. \n Our portfolio of properties consists primarily of data centers geographically concentrated in Los Angeles, the San Francisco Bay and Northern Virginia areas, Boston, Chicago, New York City, Miami and Denver. These markets comprised 30.6%, 27.4%, 19.1%, 8.3%, 8.2%, 4.2%, 1.4%, and 0.8%, respectively, of our annualized rent as of December 31, 2012. As such, we are susceptible to local economic conditions and the supply of and demand for data center space in these markets. If there is a downturn in the economy or an oversupply of or decrease in demand for data centers in these markets, our business could be materially adversely affected to a greater extent than if we owned a real estate portfolio that was more diversified in terms of both geography and industry focus. \n The market price of our stock may be subject to volatility, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. \n Since January 3, 2012, the closing sale price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) has ranged from $17.96 to $28.00 per share. General economic and market conditions, and market conditions for telecommunications and real estate stocks in general, may affect the market price of our common stock. \n Announcements by us or others, or speculations about our future plans, may also have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. These may relate to: \n · our operating results or forecasts; \n · new issuances of equity, debt or convertible debt by us; \n · changes to our capital allocation or business strategy; \n · developments in our relationships with corporate customers; \n · announcements by our customers or competitors; \n · changes in regulatory policy or interpretation; \n · governmental investigations; \n · changes in the ratings of our debt or stock by rating agencies or securities analysts;