Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our Company. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” \n Risks Related to Our Business and Operations \n Our portfolio of properties consists primarily of data centers geographically concentrated in certain markets and any adverse developments in local economic conditions or the demand for data center space in these markets may negatively impact our operating results. \n Our portfolio of properties consists of data centers geographically concentrated in the San Francisco Bay area, Los Angeles, the Northern Virginia area (including Washington D.C.), the New York area, Chicago, Boston, Denver and Miami. These markets comprised 35.8%, 26.8%, 17.8%, 7.3%, 5.3%, 5.0%, 1.5%, and 0.5%, respectively, of our annualized data center rent as of December 31, 2019. As such, we are susceptible to local economic conditions and the supply of and demand for data center space in these markets. If there is a downturn in the economy or an oversupply of or decrease in demand for data centers in these markets, our business could be materially adversely affected to a greater extent than if we owned a real estate portfolio that was more diversified in terms of both geography and industry focus. \n We may be vulnerable to physical and electronic security breaches and cyber-attacks which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. \n A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our infrastructure could, among other things, misappropriate our proprietary information and the personal information of our customers and employees, cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers’ operations, cause delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, cause us to breach our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, create an inability to access or rely upon critical business records or cause other disruptions in our operations. These breaches may result from human errors, equipment failure, or fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties. Our exposure to cybersecurity threats and negative consequences of cybersecurity breaches will likely increase as we store increasing amounts of customer data. Additionally, as we increasingly market the security features in our data centers, our data centers may be targeted by computer hackers seeking to compromise data security. \n We expend significant financial resources to protect against such threats and may be required to further expend financial resources to alleviate problems caused by physical, electronic, and cyber security breaches. As techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, regardless of our expenditures and protection efforts, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, loss of existing or potential future customers, harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. \n In the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data. Furthermore, if a high profile security breach or cyber-attack occurs with respect to another provider of mission-critical data center facilities, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of these business models generally, which could harm our reputation and brand image as well as our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones.  In addition, the regulatory framework around data custody, data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law. We may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss. \n Our properties depend upon the demand for technology-related real estate. \n Our portfolio of properties consists primarily of technology-related real estate and data center facilities in particular. A decrease in the demand for data center space, Internet gateway facilities or other technology-related real