Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our Company. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” \n Risks Related to Our Business and Operations \n Industry, Market and Customer Risks \n Our portfolio of properties consists primarily of data centers geographically concentrated in certain markets and any adverse developments in local economic conditions or the demand for data center space in these markets may negatively impact our operating results. \n Our portfolio of properties consists of data centers geographically concentrated in the San Francisco Bay area, Los Angeles, the Northern Virginia area (including Washington D.C.), the New York area, Chicago, Boston, Denver and Miami. These markets comprised 32.7%, 29.2%, 18.5%, 7.2%, 5.3%, 4.8%, 1.8%, and 0.5%, respectively, of our annualized data center rent as of December 31, 2020. As such, we are susceptible to local economic conditions and the supply of and demand for data center space in these markets. If there is a downturn in the economy or an oversupply of or decrease in demand for data centers in these markets, our business could be materially adversely affected to a greater extent than if we owned a real estate portfolio that was more diversified in terms of both geography and industry focus. \n A small number of customers account for a significant portion of our operating revenues, and the loss or default of any of these customers could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend, upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our operating revenue. Our top ten customers accounted for an aggregate of approximately 40.6% of our total portfolio annualized rent as of December 31, 2020. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a significant customer exerting significant pricing pressure on us could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Some of our customers may experience a downturn in their businesses or other factors that may weaken their financial condition and result in them failing to make timely rental payments, defaulting on their leases, reducing the level of interconnection services they obtain or the amount of space they lease from us or terminating their relationship with us. However, if any customer becomes a debtor in a case under the federal Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict the customer solely because of the bankruptcy. In addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the customer to reject and terminate its lease with us. Our claim against the customer for unpaid, future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In any of these cases, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full. As of December 31, 2020, we had no material customers in bankruptcy. \n In addition, our largest customers may choose to develop new data centers or expand existing data centers of their own and may seek to negotiate rent reductions in the future. In the event that any of our key customers were to do so, it could result in a loss of business to us or increase pricing pressure on us. If we lose a customer, there is no guarantee that we would be able to replace that customer at a comparative rental rate or at all. Some of our largest customers may also compete with one another in various aspects of their businesses. The competitive pressures on our customers may have a negative impact on our operations. For instance, one customer could determine that it is not in that customer’s interest to house mission-critical servers or other telecommunications or information technology equipment in a facility operated by the same company that relies on a key competitor for a significant part of its operating annual revenue. Our loss of a large customer for this or any other reason could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. \n Because we depend on the development and growth of a balanced customer base, including key customers, failure to attract, grow and retain this base of customers or future consolidation in the technology industry could harm our business and operating results.