You should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected
and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. 
 For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial
services industry. Given this concentration, we are exposed to the current global economic conditions in the financial services industry. A more troubled or prolonged poor economic 
 environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We operate in a competitive business
environment and may not be able to compete effectively. 
 The market for our services is competitive. Our competitors vary in size and in
the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Some of our competitors have substantial resources. Many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house. As a result, we often compete
against our existing or potential clients’ in-house capabilities. In addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies, including international providers of similar products
and services to ours, having a lower cost structure. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will
not materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to adapt our products and
services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients. 
 The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services and
evolving industry standards. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will
significantly affect our future success. We may not be successful in developing, marketing or selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. In addition, we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful
development, introduction or marketing of these services, or our new services and enhancements may not adequately meet the demands of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. We continually engage in significant efforts to upgrade our products
and services. If we are unsuccessful in completing or gaining market acceptance of new technology, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients or attract new ones. 
 The market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain
profitability. 
 If the number of electronic transactions does not continue to grow, or if consumers or businesses do not continue to adopt
our services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by the cost, ease-of-use, security and quality of
products and services offered to consumers and businesses. In order to consistently increase and maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to adopt our services. In addition, if we are unable to continue to decrease the cost
of processing transactions, our margins could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The success of our electronic commerce business also relies in part on contracts with financial services organizations,
businesses, billers, internet portals and other third parties to market our services to their customers. These contracts are important to the growth in demand for our electronic commerce products. If any of these third parties abandons, curtails or
insufficiently increases its marketing efforts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to renew client contracts at favorable terms, we could lose clients, and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. Our contracts with clients generally run for a period of
three to five years. At the end of the contract term, clients have the 
 opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to consider whether to engage one of our competitors to provide products and services. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal
rates and favorable contract terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Consolidations and
failures in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenue by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on fewer clients. 
 Many financial institutions are experiencing operating losses, including some of our clients. In some cases, these operating losses have resulted in the failure and/or consolidation of financial
institutions. Failures, mergers and consolidations of financial institutions reduce the number of our clients and potential clients, which could adversely affect our revenue. Further, if our clients fail or merge with or are acquired by other
entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. It is also possible that the larger financial institutions that result from mergers or consolidations could have greater
leverage in negotiating terms with us or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 
 The implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related regulations may
have an adverse impact on our clients and our business. 
 In 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010
(“Dodd-Frank Act”) was signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act represents a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry within the United States, and establishes a new federal interagency council called the Financial Stability
Oversight Council (“FSOC”) and a new federal bureau called the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), which we discuss above under “ 
 The Dodd-Frank
Act requires the CFPB and other federal agencies to implement numerous new regulations. In addition, the FSOC is empowered to designate certain financial institutions as well as non-bank financial companies as systemically important financial
institutions subject to heightened federal oversight, and the CFPB’s rule-making, supervisory and enforcement power related to consumer financial protection laws may extend to service providers for large insured depository institutions or
credit unions. It is difficult to predict the extent to which the Dodd-Frank Act, the FSOC, the CFPB or the resulting regulations will impact our business or the businesses of our current and potential clients over the long term. If the FSOC
designates our company or any of our subsidiaries as a systemically important financial institution, or the CFPB adopts rules and exercises supervisory authority over service providers like us, we could be subject to a greater degree of direct
federal oversight than in the past which could slow our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing industry. To the extent the regulations adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act negatively impact the business, operations or financial condition of our
clients, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected because, among other matters, our clients could have less capacity to purchase products and services from us, could decide to avoid or abandon certain lines
of business, or could seek to pass on increased costs to us by negotiating price reductions. We could be required to invest a significant amount of time and resources to comply with additional regulations or oversight or to modify the manner in
which we provide products and services to our clients; and such regulations could directly or indirectly limit how much we can charge for our services. We may not be able to update our existing products and services, or develop new ones, to satisfy
our clients’ needs. Any of these events, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Item 1. Business – Government Regulation 
 Security breaches, computer malware or other “cyber attacks” could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. 
 Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our
clients and their customers. Any unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, or similar act by any malevolent party could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or the
systems of our clients or vendors. These events could create financial liability, regulatory sanction, or a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients or cause 
 current or potential clients to choose another service provider. Although we encounter threats from time to time, none of which have materially impacted us, and we continue to seek to maintain a
robust program of information security and controls, the impact of a material event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Operational failures could harm our business and reputation. 
 An operational failure in
our transaction processing businesses could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. Such operational failure could be due to the failure of third party networks and systems we rely on to deliver our services and over which we have limited to
no control. Interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses, including those related to the payment of service credits or other liabilities. A prolonged interruption of our
services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue. In addition, a significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our current and potential clients to choose
another service provider. Any of these developments could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. 
 Our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services.
Further, the software underlying our services has occasionally contained and may in the future contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. In addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or
integrating our technology on platforms used by our clients. Defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could result in interruption of business operations, delay in market
acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability through disclaimers and
limitation of liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will successfully limit our liability. 
 We may be sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 
 Third parties
may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. We may expose ourselves to additional liability if we agree to indemnify our clients against third party infringement claims. If the owner of intellectual property establishes that
we are, or a client which we are obligated to indemnify is, infringing its intellectual property rights, or that our intellectual property rights are invalid, we may be forced to change our products or services, and such changes may be expensive or
impractical. We may then be forced to seek royalty or license agreements from the owner of such rights. If we are unable to agree on acceptable terms, we may be required to discontinue the sale of key products or halt other aspects of our
operations. We may also be liable for financial damages for a violation of intellectual property rights, and we may incur expenses in connection with indemnifying our clients against losses suffered by them. Any adverse result related to violation
of third party intellectual property rights could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they may result in costly and
time consuming litigation and may divert our management and key personnel from operating our business. 
 Misappropriation of our
intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position. 
 Our ability to compete depends upon proprietary
systems and technology. We actively seek to protect our proprietary rights. Nevertheless, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. The steps we have taken may
not prevent misappropriation of technology. Agreements entered into for that purpose may not be enforceable or provide us with an adequate remedy. Effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available
in 
 every country in which our applications and services are made available. Misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be obligated to indemnify the purchasers of
businesses pursuant to the terms of the relevant purchase and sale agreements. 
 In the past several years, we sold several significant
businesses. In connection with these sales, we made representations and warranties about the businesses and their financial affairs and agreed to retain certain liabilities associated with our operation of the businesses prior to their sale. Our
obligation to indemnify the purchasers and agreement to retain liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Acquisitions subject us to risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities and difficulties in integrating operations. 
 A major contributor to our growth in revenue and earnings since our inception has been our ability to identify, acquire and integrate complementary
businesses. We anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses, products and services. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth. Or,
businesses that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to fully integrate all aspects of
acquired businesses successfully or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. In addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources. 
 These risks may arise for a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable
terms; we face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in
accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial
and management resources to an acquired business; we may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases
in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable regulations our businesses could be harmed. 
 We are generally not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks,
thrifts and credit unions. However, as a provider of services to these financial institutions, we are subject to a number of state and federal regulations, including privacy laws, and our operations are examined on a regular basis by various state
and federal regulatory authorities. If we fail to comply with any applicable regulations, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed and we could be
inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients. In addition, the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules on the federal or state level, or, with respect to our international operations, in foreign jurisdictions on the national,
provincial, state or other level, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our failure
to comply with a series of complex regulations in our payments businesses could subject us to liability. 
 Certain Fiserv subsidiaries are
licensed as money transmitters in those states where such licensure is required. These licenses require us to demonstrate and maintain certain levels of net worth and liquidity and also require us 
 to file periodic reports. In addition, our direct-to-consumer payments businesses are subject to federal regulation in the United States, including anti-money laundering regulations and certain
restrictions on transactions to or from certain individuals or entities. The complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. In addition, any violations of law may result in civil or criminal penalties against
us and our officers or the prohibition against us providing money transmitter services in particular jurisdictions. 
 Our balance sheet
includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. The impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent 76% of our total assets at December 31, 2012. These assets consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets
associated with our acquisitions. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets. If the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written
down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. An impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could have a material negative effect on our results of operations. 
 Increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately $3.2 billion of long-term debt, including current maturities. We and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our current level
of indebtedness and any future increase in our level of indebtedness could: decrease our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate or other purposes; limit our flexibility to make
acquisitions; increase our cash requirements to support the payment of interest; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic
and industry conditions. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our
consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, if our outstanding senior notes are downgraded to below investment grade, we may incur additional interest expense. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from
operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements, we may be required, among other things: to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness;
or to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements. In addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be
available at all or on economically favorable terms, particularly given current and anticipated economic and credit market conditions. 