
For purposes of this section, the term “stockholders” means the holders of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock and preferred stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Digital Realty Trust,
Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our company, our properties and our business. The occurrence of any of the following risks might cause
Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders to lose all or a part of their investment. Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute
forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” starting on page 31. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Global economic conditions could adversely affect our liquidity and
financial condition. 
 In the United States and globally, market and economic conditions have been unprecedented over the
past few years and challenging with tighter credit conditions and slower economic growth in all markets in which we own properties and conduct our operations. The U.S. and global economies have experienced a recession and face continued concerns
about the systemic impact of adverse economic conditions, such as high energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, unstable global financial and mortgage markets, high corporate, consumer and governmental debt levels,
high unemployment and declining residential and commercial real estate markets. 
 As a result of these conditions, general
economic conditions and the cost and availability of capital have been and may again be adversely affected in some or all of the markets in which we own properties and conduct our operations. Renewed or increased turbulence in the U.S., European and
other international financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our tenants, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure
requirements and may result in adverse effects on our, and our tenants’, businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, our access to funds under our global revolving credit facility and other lines of credit depend on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding
commitments to us. We cannot assure you that long-term disruptions in the global economy and the return of tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures or nationalizations of, third party financial institutions as a result of such
disruptions will not have an adverse effect on our lenders. If our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 If we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, access our existing
lines of credit or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. Such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing development or redevelopment activity, disposing of one or more of our
properties possibly on disadvantageous terms or entering into or renewing leases on less favorable terms than we otherwise would. 
 Our properties depend upon the demand for technology-related real estate. 
 Our portfolio of properties consists primarily of technology-related real estate and datacenter real estate in particular.
A decrease in the demand for datacenter space, Internet gateway facilities or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified
tenant base or less specialized use. Our substantial redevelopment activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, as well as adverse developments in the corporate datacenter, Internet and data
communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for datacenter space. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to
markets that we do not currently serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient or miniaturization of computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than
today’s devices, could also reduce demand for the physical datacenter space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. In addition, the development of new
technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our tenants’ current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood
that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. 
 We may be unable to lease vacant or
redevelopment space or renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. 
 At December 31, 2011, we owned approximately
2.4 million square feet held for redevelopment. Of this space, we are currently developing / redeveloping approximately 1.2 million square feet. We intend to continue to add new space to our redevelopment inventory and to continue to redevelop
additional space from this inventory. A substantial portion of the space that we redevelop is, and will continue to be, redeveloped on a speculative basis, meaning that we do not have a signed lease for the space when we begin the redevelopment
process. We also develop or redevelop space specifically for tenants pursuant to leases signed prior to beginning the development or redevelopment process. In those cases, if we fail to meet our development or redevelopment obligations under those
leases, these tenants may be able to terminate the leases and we would be required to find a new tenant for this space. In addition, in certain circumstances we lease data center facilities prior to their completion. If we fail to complete the
facilities in a timely manner, the tenant may be entitled to terminate its lease, seek damages or penalties against us or pursue other remedies and we may be required to find a new tenant for the space. We cannot assure you that once we have
redeveloped a space we will be able to successfully lease it at all, or at rates we consider favorable or expected at the time we commenced redevelopment. If we are not able to successfully lease the space that we redevelop, if redevelopment costs
are higher than we currently estimate, or if lease rates are lower than expected when we began the project or are otherwise undesirable, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2011, leases representing 9.2% of the square footage of the properties in our portfolio, excluding
space held for redevelopment, were scheduled to expire through 2013, and an additional 5.2% of the net rentable square footage excluding space held for redevelopment was available to be leased. Some of this space may require substantial capital
investment to meet the power and cooling requirements of today’s advanced data centers, or may no longer be suitable for this use. In addition, we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all, or
at net effective rental rates equal to or above the current average net effective rental rates. If the rental rates for our properties decrease, our existing tenants do not renew their leases, we do not re-lease our available space, including newly
redeveloped space and space for which leases are scheduled to expire, or it takes longer for us to lease or re-lease this space or for rents to commence on this space, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for
distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. 
 In order for Digital Realty Trust, Inc. to maintain its qualification as a REIT, it is required under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the Code, to annually distribute at least 90% of its net taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, Digital Realty Trust,
Inc. will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it distributes less than 100% of its net taxable income, including any net capital gains. Digital Realty Trust, L.P. is required to make distributions to Digital Realty
Trust, Inc. that will enable the latter to satisfy this distribution requirement and avoid tax liability. Because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition or
redevelopment financing, from operating cash flow. Consequently, we rely on third-party sources to fund our capital needs. 
 Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market’s
perception of our business prospects and growth potential, our current and expected future earnings, funds from operations and growth thereof, our cash flow and cash distributions, and the market price per share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s
common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing at all or on terms favorable or acceptable to us. Any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage. Further, equity markets have experienced high
volatility recently and we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise capital through the sale of equity securities at all or on favorable terms. Sales of equity on unfavorable terms could result in substantial dilution to Digital Realty Trust,
Inc.’s common stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. In addition, we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms. 
 If we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities
exist, satisfy our debt service obligations, pay cash dividends to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders or make distributions to Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. 
 Declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 We review each of our properties for indicators that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. Examples of such indicators may include a
significant decrease in the market price, a significant adverse change in the extent or manner the property is being used in its physical condition or expected to be used based on the underwriting at the time of acquisition, an accumulation of costs
significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or development, or a history of operating or cash flow losses. When such impairment indictors exist, we review an estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows
(excluding interest charges) expected to result from the real estate investment’s use and eventual disposition and compare to the carrying value of the property. We consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well
as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. If our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates that we are unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent
that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. These losses have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. The evaluation of
anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. A worsening real estate market may
cause us to reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. Impairment charges could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 We depend on significant tenants, and many of our properties are single-tenant properties
or are currently occupied by single tenants. 
 As of December 31, 2011, the 20 largest tenants in our property
portfolio represented approximately 49% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. Our largest tenants by annualized rent are CenturyLink, Inc. (Savvis/Qwest), Equinix Operating Company, Inc. and Facebook, Inc. In 2011, CenturyLink,
Inc. acquired Savvis Communications Corporation, or Savvis, and Qwest Communications International, Inc., or Qwest, which are our direct tenants. Savvis and Qwest are now wholly-owned subsidiaries of CenturyLink, Inc. CenturyLink, Inc.
(Savvis/Qwest) leased approximately 2.7 million square feet of net rentable space as of December 31, 2011, representing approximately 10.2% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. Equinix Operating Company, Inc. leased
approximately 878,000 square feet of net rentable space as of December 31, 2011, representing approximately 4.1% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. Facebook, Inc. leased approximately 242,000 square feet of net rentable
space as of December 31, 2011, representing approximately 3.9% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. In addition, 44 of our 101 properties are occupied by single tenants, including properties occupied solely by CenturyLink,
Inc. (Savvis/Qwest), Equinix Operating Company, Inc. and Facebook, Inc. Many factors, including global economic conditions, may cause our tenants to experience a downturn in their businesses or otherwise experience a lack of liquidity, which may
weaken their financial condition and result in their failure to make timely rental payments or their default under their leases. If any tenant defaults or fails to make timely rent payments, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as
landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment. 
 Our tenants may choose to develop new data centers
or expand their own existing data centers, which could result in the loss of one or more key tenants or reduce demand for our newly developed data centers, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 Our tenants may choose to develop new data centers or expand or consolidate into data centers that we do not own in the
future. In the event that any of our key tenants were to do so, it could result in a loss of business to us or put pressure on our pricing. If we lose a tenant, we cannot assure you that we would be able to replace that tenant at a competitive rate
or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 The bankruptcy or
insolvency of a major tenant may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. 
 If any tenant becomes a debtor in
a case under the federal Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict the tenant solely because of the bankruptcy. In addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the tenant to reject and terminate its lease with us. Our claim against the tenant for unpaid,
future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In either case, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full. As of December 31, 2011, we had
no material tenants in bankruptcy. 
 Our revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected if
any of our significant tenants were to become bankrupt or insolvent, or suffer a downturn in its business, or fail to renew its lease or renew on terms less favorable to us than its current terms. 
 Our portfolio of properties depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations. 
 Our portfolio is located in 31 metropolitan areas. Many of these markets experienced downturns in recent years and are
currently experiencing downturns as a result of the global economic crisis or other factors. We depend upon the local economic conditions in these markets, including local real estate conditions, and our operations, revenue and cash available for
distribution could be materially adversely affected by local economic conditions in these markets. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these markets or supply otherwise increases or exceeds
demand. We cannot assure you that these markets will grow or will remain favorable to technology-related real estate. 
 As of
December 31, 2011, our portfolio was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan markets. 
 Metropolitan Market 
 Percentage of 
 December 31, 2011 
 total annualized rent 
 (1) 
 Silicon Valley 
 13.3 
 Northern Virginia 
 10.4 
 San Francisco 
 9.8 
 Dallas 
 9.2 
 New York Metro 
 9.2 
 Chicago 
 9.1 
 Phoenix 
 8.4 
 Boston 
 5.7 
 Los Angeles 
 4.7 
 London, England 
 4.2 
 Dublin, Ireland 
 2.5 
 Paris, France 
 2.3 
 Other 
 11.2 
 100.0 
 (1) 
 Annualized rent is monthly contractual rent (defined as cash base rent before abatements) under existing leases as of December 31, 2011, multiplied by 12. 
 In addition, we are currently developing or redeveloping properties in certain of these markets. Any negative
changes in real estate, technology or economic conditions in these markets in particular could negatively impact our performance. 
 Our growth depends upon the successful development of our existing space held for redevelopment and new properties acquired for redevelopment and any delays or unexpected costs in such development may
delay and harm our growth prospects, future operating results and financial condition. 
 We had approximately
2.4 million square feet held for redevelopment at December 31, 2011, including four vacant properties. We are and intend to continue building out a large portion of this space on a speculative basis at significant cost. Our successful
development and redevelopment of these projects is subject to many risks, including those associated with: 
 delays in construction; 
 budget overruns; 
 changes to the plans or specifications; 
 construction site accidents and other casualties; 
 increased prices for raw materials or building supplies; 
 lack of availability and/or increased costs for specialized data center components, including long lead time items such as generators; 
 financing availability, including our ability to obtain construction financing and permanent financing; 
 increases in interest rates or credit spreads; 
 labor availability and costs; 
 labor disputes and work stoppages with contractors, subcontractors or others that are constructing the project; 
 failure of contractors to perform on a timely basis or at all, or other misconduct on the part of contractors; 
 timing of the commencement of rental payments; 
 access to sufficient power and related costs of providing such power to our tenants; 
 environmental issues; 
 fire, flooding, earthquakes and other national disasters; 
 geological, construction, excavation and equipment problems; and 
 delays or denials of entitlements or permits, including zoning and related permits, or other delays resulting from our dependence on the cooperation of
public agencies and utility companies. 
 In addition, while we intend to develop data center properties
primarily in markets we are familiar with, we may in the future develop properties in new geographic regions where we expect the development of property to result in favorable risk-adjusted returns on our investment. We may not possess the same
level of familiarity with the development of other property types or other markets, which could adversely affect our ability to develop such properties successfully or at all or to achieve expected performance. 
 Development and redevelopment activities, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful, also typically require a substantial
portion of our management’s time and attention. This may distract our management from focusing on other operational activities of our business. If we are unable to complete development or redevelopment projects successfully, our business may be
adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. 
 We continually evaluate the market of available properties and may acquire additional technology-related real estate when opportunities
exist. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms may be exposed to the following significant risks: 
 we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including both
publicly traded REITs and institutional investment funds; 
 even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirors may significantly increase the purchase price or result
in other less favorable terms; 
 even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of technology-related real estate, these agreements are subject to customary conditions to
closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction; 
 we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; and 
 we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities such as
liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others
indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 If we cannot complete property acquisitions on favorable terms, our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate and operate acquired properties. 
 Even if we are able to make acquisitions on advantageous terms, our ability to successfully operate them may be exposed to the following
significant risks: 
 we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties; 
 we may be unable to integrate new acquisitions quickly and efficiently, particularly acquisitions of operating businesses or portfolios of properties,
into our existing operations, and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected; 
 acquired properties may be subject to reassessment, which may result in higher than expected property tax payments; and 
 market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates. 
 If we cannot operate acquired properties to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow,
cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to source off-market deal flow in the future. 
 A component of our growth strategy is to continue to acquire additional technology-related real estate. To date, more than half of our
acquisitions were acquired before they were widely marketed by real estate brokers, or “off-market.” Properties that are acquired off-market are typically more attractive to us as a purchaser because of the absence of competitive bidding,
which could potentially lead to higher prices. We obtain access to off-market deal flow from numerous sources. If we cannot obtain off-market deal flow in the future, our ability to locate and acquire additional properties at attractive prices could
be adversely affected. 
 We have substantial debt and face risks associated with the use of debt to fund our business
activities, including refinancing and interest rate risks. 
 Our total consolidated indebtedness at December 31, 2011
was approximately $2.9 billion, and we may incur significant additional debt to finance future acquisition and development activities. We have a global revolving credit facility, which has a borrowing limit based upon a percentage of the value of
our unsecured properties included in the facility’s borrowing base. At December 31, 2011, approximately $1.2 billion was available under this facility, net of outstanding letters of credit. In addition, under our contribution agreement
with respect to the 200 Paul Avenue 1-4 and 1100 Space Park Drive properties, we have agreed to make available for guarantee up to $17.8 million of indebtedness and may enter into similar agreements in the future. 
 Our substantial indebtedness has important consequences in that it currently requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash
flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, distributions and other general corporate purposes. Additionally, it could: make it more
difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes
on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 
 In addition, we may violate restrictive covenants or fail to maintain financial ratios
specified in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations, and our secured lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties or our interests in the entities that own the properties that secure their
loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases. A foreclosure on one or more of our properties could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and cash available for distribution. Further, our default under any
one of our loans could result in a cross default on other indebtedness. Furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, a circumstance which could hinder Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s ability to meet the
REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. 
 Additional risks related to our indebtedness are described below. 
 It is likely that we will need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. If we are unable to refinance or extend principal payments due at maturity or pay them with proceeds of other
capital transactions, then our cash flow may not be sufficient in all years to repay all such maturing debt and to pay distributions. Further, if prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing (such as the reluctance of
lenders to make commercial real estate loans) result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase. 
 We may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms
of our original indebtedness. 
 . Because a significant portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense. If the United States Federal Reserve increases short-term interest
rates, this would have a significant upward impact on shorter-term interest rates, including the interest rates that our variable rate debt is based upon. Potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest
expense and therefore negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, and reduce our access to capital markets. We have entered into interest rate swap or cap agreements for a significant portion of our floating rate debt.
Increased interest rates may increase the risk that the counterparties to our swap agreements will default on their obligations, which could further increase our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Conversely, if interest rates are lower than
our swapped fixed rates, we will be required to pay more for our debt than we would had we not entered into the swap agreements. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates could materially affect our financial results and may increase the risk our counterparty defaults on
our interest rate hedges 
 The credit ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt and Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s
preferred stock are based on our company’s operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of our company. Our company’s
credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. We cannot assure you that our company will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event our current credit
ratings are downgraded, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and may encounter difficulty in obtaining additional financing. Also, a downgrade in our company’s credit ratings may trigger additional payments or other negative
consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. For example, if the credit ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt are downgraded to below investment grade levels, we may not be able to obtain or maintain
extensions on certain of our existing debt. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage our debt maturities, our future growth, our financial condition, the
market price of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stock, and our development and acquisition activity. 
 Adverse changes in our company’s credit ratings could negatively affect our financing activity. 
 . Our global revolving credit facility and Prudential shelf
facility contain negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things: 
 Our global
revolving credit facility, Prudential shelf facility, 5.875% notes due 2020, 4.50% notes due 2015 and 5.250% notes due 2021 restrict our ability to engage in some business activities 
 restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness; 
 restrict our ability to make certain investments; 
 restrict our ability to merge with another company; 
 restrict our ability to create, incur or assume liens; and 
 require us to maintain financial coverage ratios, including with respect to unencumbered assets. 
 In addition, the global revolving credit facility and the Prudential shelf facility restrict Digital Realty Trust, Inc. from making
distributions to its stockholders, or redeeming or otherwise repurchasing shares of its capital stock, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, except in limited circumstances including as necessary to enable Digital
Realty Trust, Inc. to maintain its qualification as a REIT and to avoid the payment of income or excise tax. 
 In addition, our
5.875% notes due 2020, or the 2020 notes, our 4.50% notes due 2015, or the 2015 notes, and our 5.250% notes due 2021, or the 2021 notes, are governed by indentures, which contain various restrictive covenants, including limitations on our ability to
incur indebtedness and requirements to maintain a pool of unencumbered assets. These restrictions, and the restrictions in our global revolving credit facility and Prudential shelf facility, could cause us to default on our 2020 notes, 2015 notes,
2021 notes, global revolving credit facility or Prudential shelf facility, as applicable, or negatively affect our operations or our ability to pay dividends to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders or distributions to Digital Realty Trust,
L.P.’s unitholders, which could have a material adverse effect on the market value of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock and preferred stock. 
 As of
December 31, 2011, Digital Realty Trust, L.P. had outstanding $266.4 million aggregate principal amount of 5.50% Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2029, which we refer to as the 2029 debentures. The 2029 debentures are exchangeable for Digital
Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock. The exchange rate of the 2029 debentures is subject to adjustment for certain events, including, but not limited to, certain dividends on Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock in excess of $0.33 per
share per quarter, the issuance of certain rights, options or warrants to holders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock, subdivisions or combinations of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock, certain distributions of assets,
debt securities, capital stock or cash to holders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock and certain tender or exchange offers. The 2029 debentures are redeemable at our option for cash at any time on or after April 18, 2014 and are
subject to repurchase for cash at the option of the holder on April 15 in the years 2014, 2019 and 2024, or upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 The exchange and repurchase rights of our exchangeable debentures may be detrimental to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders or Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. 
 If the 2029 debentures are not exchanged, the repurchase rights of holders of the exchangeable debentures may discourage or impede transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of Digital Realty
Trust, Inc.’s stockholders or Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. Further, these exchange or repurchase rights might be triggered in situations where we need to conserve our cash reserves, in which event such repurchase might
adversely affect us, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. 
 We seek to manage our
exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements, such as interest cap and interest rate swap agreements. These agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under
these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes and that a court could rule that such an agreement is not legally enforceable. Our policy is to use derivatives only to hedge interest
rate risks related to our borrowings, not for speculative or trading purposes, and to enter into contracts only with major financial institutions based on their credit ratings and other factors. However, we may choose to change this policy in the
future. Including loans currently subject to interest rate caps and swaps, approximately 91% of our total indebtedness as of December 31, 2011 was subject to fixed interest rates. We do not currently hedge our global revolving credit facility
and as our borrowings under our global revolving credit facility increase, so will our 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect results of operations. 
 percentage of indebtedness not subject to fixed rates and our exposure to interest rates increase. Hedging may reduce the overall returns on our investments. Failure to hedge effectively against
interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 As a result of the recent crisis in the residential mortgage-backed securities markets, the recent global recession, and concerns
over the ability to refinance or repay existing commercial mortgage-backed securities as they come due, liquidity previously provided by the commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations markets has significantly
decreased. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act imposes significant new regulations related to the mortgage-backed securities industry and market participants, which has contributed to uncertainty in the market.
The volatility in the commercial mortgage-backed securities market could result in the following adverse effects on our incurrence of secured debt, which could have a materially negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash
flow and cash available for distribution: 
 Volatility in and regulation of the
commercial mortgage-backed securities market has limited and may continue to impact the pricing of secured debt. 
 higher loan spreads; 
 tighter loan covenants; 
 reduced loan to value ratios and resulting borrower proceeds; and 
 higher amortization and reserve requirements. 
 We have owned certain of our properties for a limited time. 
 We owned 101 properties at December 31, 2011, excluding three properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. All of our properties have been under our management for less than eight
years, and we have owned five of the properties for less than one year at December 31, 2011. The properties may have characteristics or deficiencies unknown to us that could affect their valuation or revenue potential. We cannot assure you that
the operating performance of the properties will not decline under our management. In addition, we have a limited history operating Turn-Key Datacenters 
 that we have developed or redeveloped. Because we generally cannot pass operating expenses (other than energy costs) on to our tenants in Turn-Key Datacenters 
 , if we incur operating expenses greater than we anticipated based on our limited operating history, our results of
operations could be negatively impacted. 
 We may have difficulty managing our growth. 
 We have significantly and rapidly expanded the size of our company. For example, during 2011, we acquired five properties and we increased
the number and size of our redevelopment activities. Our growth may significantly strain our management, operational and financial resources and systems. In addition, as a reporting company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The requirements of these rules and regulations will increase our accounting, legal and financial compliance costs and may strain our management and financial, legal and
operational resources and systems. An inability to manage our growth effectively or the increased strain on our management of our resources and systems could result in deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control
over financial reporting and could negatively impact our cash available for distribution. 
 Tax protection provisions on
certain properties could limit our operating flexibility. 
 We have agreed with the third-party contributors who contributed
the direct and indirect interests in the 200 Paul Avenue 1-4 and 1100 Space Park Drive properties to indemnify them against adverse tax consequences if we were to sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of these interests,
in a taxable transaction, in these properties. However, we can sell these properties in a taxable transaction if we pay the contributors cash in the amount of their tax liabilities arising from the transaction and tax payments. The 200 
 Paul Avenue 1-4 and 1100 Space Park Drive properties represented 4.5% of our portfolio’s annualized rent as of December 31, 2011. These tax protection provisions apply for a period
expiring on the earlier of November 3, 2013 and the date on which these contributors (or certain transferees) hold less than 25% of the units issued to them in connection with the contribution of these properties to us. Although it may be in
the best interest of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders that we sell a property, it may be economically disadvantageous for us to do so because of these obligations. We have also agreed
to make available for guarantee up to $17.8 million of debt for these contributors. We agreed to these provisions in order to assist these contributors in preserving their tax position after their contributions. 
 Potential losses may not be covered by insurance. 
 We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, earthquake, business interruption and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio under various insurance policies. We
select policy specifications and insured limits which we believe to be appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. We do not carry insurance for generally uninsured losses such as loss
from riots, terrorist threats, war or nuclear reaction. Most of our policies, like those covering losses due to floods, are insured subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits which may not be sufficient to
cover losses. A large portion of the properties we own are located in California, an area especially subject to earthquakes. Together, these properties represented approximately 28% of our portfolio’s annualized rent as of December 31,
2011. While we carry earthquake insurance on our properties, the amount of our earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover losses from earthquakes. The geographic concentration of our properties in the San Francisco Bay Area
makes it possible for one catastrophic seismic event to significantly impact multiple properties, which could also severely impact some of our insurers rendering them insolvent or unable to fully pay on claims despite their current financial
strength. In addition, we may discontinue earthquake or other insurance on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any of these policies exceeds, in our judgment, the value of the coverage relative to the risk of
loss. 
 In addition, many of our buildings contain extensive and highly valuable technology-related improvements. Under the
terms of our leases, tenants generally retain title to such improvements and are obligated to maintain adequate insurance coverage applicable to such improvements and under most circumstances use their insurance proceeds to restore such improvements
after a casualty. In the event of a casualty or other loss involving one of our buildings with extensive installed tenant improvements, our tenants may have the right to terminate their leases if we do not rebuild the base building within prescribed
times. In such cases, the proceeds from tenants’ insurance will not be available to us to restore the improvements, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to replicate the technology-related improvements made by such tenants.
Furthermore, the terms of our mortgage indebtedness at certain of our properties may require us to pay insurance proceeds over to our lenders under certain circumstances, rather than use the proceeds to repair the property. 
 If we or one or more of our tenants experiences a loss which is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital
invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these
properties were irreparably damaged. 
 We face significant competition, which may decrease or prevent increases of the
occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 We compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of real estate and
datacenters, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located, including DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc., CoreSite Realty Corporation and various local developers in the U.S., and Global Switch,
Sentrum and various regional operators in Europe and Asia. In addition, we may in the future face competition from new entrants into the datacenter market, including new entrants who may acquire our current competitors. Some of our competitors and
potential competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, 
 significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and more ready access to capital which allow them to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities. If our competitors offer
space that our tenants or potential tenants perceive to be superior to ours based on numerous factors, including available power, security considerations, location, or connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below current market rates, or below
the rental rates we are offering, we may lose tenants or potential tenants or be required to incur costs to improve our properties or reduce our rental rates. In addition, recently many of our competitors have developed or redeveloped additional
datacenter space. If the supply of datacenter space continues to increase as a result of these activities or otherwise, rental rates may be reduced or we may face delays in leasing or be unable to lease our vacant space, including space that we
develop or redevelop. 
 Further, if tenants or potential tenants desire services that we do not offer, we may not be able to
lease our space to those tenants. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of
these factors. 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our
reliance on co-venturers’ financial condition and disputes between us and our co-venturers. 
 We currently, and may in
the future, co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. In
that event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may, under certain circumstances,
involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or co-venturers may have economic,
tax or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Our joint venture partners may take actions that are not within
our control, which would require us to dispose of the joint venture asset or transfer it to a taxable REIT subsidiary in order for Digital Realty Trust, Inc. to maintain its status as a REIT. Such investments may also lead to impasses, for example,
as to whether to sell a property, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would
increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our day-to-day business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers may subject properties owned by the partnership or
joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers. Finally, we may share information with our third-party partners or co-venturers. Each of these
factors may result in returns on these investments being less than we expect or in losses and our financial and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 
 We depend on the efforts of key personnel of our company, particularly Michael Foust, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer, A. William Stein, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer and Scott Peterson, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s Chief Acquisitions Officer. They are important to our success for many reasons, including that each has a national or regional reputation in
our industry and the investment community that attracts investors and business and investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with investors, lenders, existing and potential tenants and industry personnel. If we lost their services, our
business and investment opportunities and our relationships with lenders and other capital markets participants, existing and prospective tenants and industry personnel could suffer. Many of our company’s other senior employees also have strong
technology, finance and real estate industry reputations. As a result, we have greater access to potential acquisitions, financing, leasing and other opportunities, and are better able to negotiate with tenants. As the number of our competitors
increases, it becomes more likely that a competitor would attempt to hire certain of these individuals away from our company. The loss of any of these key personnel would result in the loss of these and other benefits and could materially and
adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our properties may not be suitable for lease to datacenter or traditional technology
office tenants without significant expenditures or renovations. 
 Because many of our properties contain tenant improvements
installed at our tenants’ expense, they may be better suited for a specific corporate enterprise datacenter user or technology industry tenant and could require significant modification in order for us to re-lease vacant space to another
corporate enterprise datacenter user or technology industry tenant. The tenant improvements may also become outdated or obsolete as the result of technological change, the passage of time or other factors. In addition, our redevelopment space will
generally require substantial improvement to be suitable for datacenter use. For the same reason, our properties also may not be suitable for lease to traditional office tenants without significant expenditures or renovations. As a result, we may be
required to invest significant amounts or offer significant discounts to tenants in order to lease or re-lease that space, either of which could adversely affect our financial and operating results. 
 Ownership of properties located outside of the United States subjects us to foreign currency and related risks which may adversely
impact our ability to make distributions. 
 We owned 17 properties located outside of the United States at December 31,
2011. In addition, we are currently considering, and will in the future consider, additional international acquisitions. 
 The
ownership of properties located outside of the United States subjects us to risk from fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. We expect that our principal foreign currency exposure will be to the British Pound
and the Euro. Changes in the relation of these currencies to the U.S. dollar will affect our revenues and operating margins, may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution
and ability to satisfy our debt obligations. 
 We may attempt to mitigate some or all of the risk of currency fluctuation by
financing our properties in the local currency denominations, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective. We may also engage in direct hedging activities to mitigate the risks of exchange rate
fluctuations, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective. 
 Our
international activities are subject to special risks different than those faced by us in the United States and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business. 
 We have acquired and developed, and may continue to acquire and develop, properties outside the United States. Our foreign operations
involve risks not generally associated with investments in the United States, including: 
 our limited knowledge of and relationships with sellers, tenants, contractors, suppliers or other parties in these markets; 
 complexity and costs associated with managing international development, redevelopment and operations; 
 difficulty in hiring qualified management, sales and construction personnel and service providers in a timely fashion; 
 multiple, conflicting and changing legal, regulatory, entitlement and permitting, and tax and treaty environments; 
 exposure to increased taxation, confiscation or expropriation; 
 currency transfer restrictions and limitations on our ability to distribute cash earned in foreign jurisdictions to the United States; 
 difficulty in enforcing agreements in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including those entered into in connection with our acquisitions or in the event of a
default by one or more of our tenants, suppliers or contractors; and 
 political and economic instability, including sovereign credit risk, in certain geographic regions. 
 Our inability to overcome these risks could adversely affect our foreign operations and could harm our business and results of
operations. 
 We face risks with our international acquisitions associated with investing in
unfamiliar markets. 
 We have acquired and may continue to acquire properties on a strategic and selective basis in
international markets that are new to us. When we acquire properties located in these markets, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy and culture, forging new business relationships in the
area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. In addition, due diligence, transaction and structuring costs may be higher than those we may face in the United States. We work to mitigate such risks through extensive
diligence and research and associations with experienced partners; however, we cannot assure you that all such risks will be eliminated. 
 Future consolidation in the technology industry could materially adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our potential tenants and could make us more dependent on a more limited number of
tenants. 
 Mergers or consolidations of technology companies in the future could reduce the number of our tenants and
potential tenants. If our tenants merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our tenants, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our data centers in the future. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our
revenues and results of operations. 
 We depend on third parties to provide Internet connectivity to the tenants in our data
centers and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. 
 We are not a telecommunications carrier. Although our tenants are responsible for providing their own network connectivity, we still
depend upon the presence of telecommunications carriers’ fiber networks serving the locations of our data centers in order to attract and retain tenants. We believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to
achieve our projected results. Any carrier may elect not to offer its services within our data centers. Any carrier that has decided to provide Internet connectivity to our data centers may not continue to do so for any period of time. Further, some
carriers are experiencing business difficulties or have announced consolidations. As a result, some carriers may be forced to downsize or terminate connectivity within our data centers, which could have an adverse effect on the business of our
tenants and, in turn, our own operating results. 
 Our new data centers require construction and operation of a sophisticated
redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our data centers is complex and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory requirements and the availability of construction resources.
If the establishment of highly diverse Internet connectivity to our data centers does not occur, is materially delayed or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our operating results and cash flow may be materially adversely affected.
Additionally, any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our data centers. This could negatively affect our ability to attract new tenants or retain existing tenants. 
 Any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business
reputation and could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 Our business depends on providing customers
with highly reliable service, including with respect to power supply and maintenance of environmental conditions. We may fail to provide such service as a result of numerous factors, including mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical
or electronic security breaches, and fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood and other natural disasters. Service interruptions and equipment failures may expose us to legal liability and damage our brand reputation and adversely affect our earnings and
financial condition. 
 We are dependent upon third-party suppliers for power and certain other services, and we are
vulnerable to service failures of our third-party suppliers and to price increases by such suppliers. 
 We rely on third
parties to provide power to our data centers, and we cannot ensure that these third parties will deliver such power in adequate quantities or on a consistent basis. If the amount of power available to us is inadequate to support our customer
requirements, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to our customers or grow our business. In addition, our data centers may be susceptible to power shortages and planned or unplanned power outages caused by these shortages. Power outages may
last beyond our backup and alternative power arrangements, which would harm our customers and our business. Any loss of services or equipment damage could adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results, and harm our
reputation. 
 In addition, we may be subject to risks and unanticipated costs associated with obtaining
power from various utility companies. Utilities that serve our data centers may be dependent on, and sensitive to price increases for, a particular type of fuel, such as coal, oil or natural gas. In addition, the price of these fuels and the
electricity generated from them could increase as a result of proposed legislative measures related to climate change or efforts to regulate carbon emissions. Increases in the cost of power at any of our data centers would put those locations at a
competitive disadvantage relative to data centers served by utilities that can provide less expensive power. 
 We may be
vulnerable to security breaches which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 A security breach could result in the misappropriation of our proprietary information and the information of our customers and cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers’ operations.
We may be required to expend significant financial resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches. We may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented,
these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse
effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our
ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 
 Because real
estate investments are relatively illiquid and because there may be even fewer buyers for our specialized real estate, our ability to promptly sell properties in our portfolio in response to adverse changes in their performance may be limited, which
may harm our financial condition. Further, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is subject to provisions in the Code that limit a REIT’s ability to dispose of properties, which limitations are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In
addition, the parties who contributed the 200 Paul Avenue 1-4 and 1100 Space Park Drive properties to us would incur adverse tax consequences upon the sale of these properties. While Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has exclusive authority under Digital
Realty Trust, L.P.’s limited partnership agreement to determine whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, any such decision would require the approval of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors. See “Risks Related
to Our Organizational Structure—Tax consequences upon sale or refinancing.” These limitations may affect our ability to sell properties. This lack of liquidity and the Code restrictions may limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly
in response to changes in economic or other conditions and, as a result, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to access capital necessary to meet our debt
payments and other obligations. 
 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and private litigation
over environmental matters. 
 Under various laws relating to the protection of the environment, a current or previous owner
or operator of real estate may be liable for contamination resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances at that property, and may be required to investigate and clean up such contamination at or emanating from that
property. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the contaminants, and the liability may be joint and several. Previous owners used some of our properties for
industrial and retail purposes, so those properties may contain some level of environmental contamination. Fuel storage tanks are present at many of our properties, and if releases were to occur, we may be liable for the costs of cleaning any
resulting contamination. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may expose us to third-party liability or materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to
borrow using the real estate as collateral. 
 Some of the properties may contain asbestos-containing building materials. Environmental
laws require that asbestos-containing building materials be properly managed and maintained, and may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators for failure to comply with these requirements. These laws may also allow third parties to
seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos-containing building materials. 
 In addition, some of our tenants, particularly those in the biotechnology and life sciences industry and those in the technology
manufacturing industry, routinely handle hazardous substances and wastes as part of their operations at our properties. Environmental laws and regulations subject our tenants, and potentially us, to liability resulting from these activities or from
previous industrial or retail uses of those properties. Environmental liabilities could also affect a tenant’s ability to make rental payments to us. 
 Our properties and their uses often require permits from various government agencies, including permits related to zoning and land use, such as permits to operate data center facilities. Certain permits
from state or local environmental regulatory agencies, including regulators of air quality, are usually required to install and operate diesel-powered generators, which provide emergency back-up power at some of our facilities. These permits often
set emissions limits for certain air pollutants, including oxides of nitrogen. In addition, various federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety requirements, such as fire requirements and treated and storm water discharge
requirements, apply to some of our properties. Changes to applicable regulations, such as air quality regulations, or the permit requirements for equipment at our facilities, could hinder or prevent our construction or operation of data center
facilities. 
 Existing conditions at some of our properties may expose us to liability related to environmental matters. 
 Independent environmental consultants have conducted Phase I or similar environmental site assessments on all of the
properties in our portfolio. Site assessments are intended to discover and evaluate information regarding the environmental condition of the surveyed property and surrounding properties. These assessments do not generally include soil samplings,
subsurface investigations or an asbestos survey and the assessments may fail to reveal all environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns. In addition, material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have
arisen after these reviews were completed or may arise in the future. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional material environmental liability. 
 We cannot assure you that costs of future environmental compliance will not affect our ability to pay dividends to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and distributions to Digital Realty Trust,
L.P.’s unitholders or that such costs or other remedial measures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations. 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs to remedy the problem. 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold may grow, particularly if the moisture problem remains
undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources and other
biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a
result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or
increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants and others if property damage or health concerns arise. 
 We may incur significant costs complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act and
similar laws. 
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or the ADA, all public accommodations must meet federal
requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. We have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine our compliance with the ADA. If one or more of the properties in our portfolio does not comply with the
ADA, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance. Additional federal, state and local laws also may require modifications to our properties, or restrict our ability to renovate our properties. We cannot
predict the ultimate cost of compliance with the ADA or other legislation. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA and any other similar legislation, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for
distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We may incur
significant costs complying with other regulations. 
 The properties in our portfolio are subject to various federal, state
and local regulations, such as state and local fire and life safety regulations. If we fail to comply with these various regulations, we may have to pay fines or private damage awards. In addition, we do not know whether existing regulations will
change or whether future regulations will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures that will materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to
satisfy our debt service obligations. 
 The conversion rights of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s convertible preferred
stock may be detrimental to holders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2011, Digital
Realty Trust, Inc. had 5,126,364 shares of 4.375% series C cumulative convertible preferred stock, or the series C preferred stock, and 6,977,055 shares of 5.500% series D cumulative convertible preferred stock, or the series D preferred stock,
outstanding. The convertible preferred stock may be converted into shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock subject to certain conditions. The initial conversion rate for the series C preferred stock was 0.5164 shares of Digital Realty
Trust, Inc. common stock per $25.00 liquidation preference, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of $48.41 per share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock. Effective September 13, 2011, the conversion rate for the series C
preferred stock was adjusted to 0.5420 shares of common stock per $25.00 liquidation preference, which is equivalent to a conversion price of $46.13 per share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock, as a result of the aggregate dividends in
excess of the reference dividend that Digital Realty Trust, Inc. declared and paid on its common stock beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2011 and through the quarter ended September 30, 2011. The initial conversion rate for the
series D preferred stock was 0.5955 shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock per $25.00 liquidation preference, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of $41.98 per share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock. Effective
September 13, 2011, the conversion rate for the series D preferred stock was adjusted to 0.6200 shares of common stock per $25.00 liquidation preference, which is equivalent to a conversion price of $40.32 per share of Digital Realty Trust,
Inc. common stock, as a result of the aggregate dividends in excess of the reference dividend that Digital Realty Trust, Inc. declared and paid on its common stock beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2011 and through the quarter ended
September 30, 2011. The conversion rates for the convertible preferred stock are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events, including, but not limited to, increases in dividends on Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock,
the issuance of certain rights, options or warrants to holders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock, subdivisions or combinations of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock, certain distributions of assets, debt securities, capital stock or
cash to holders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock and certain tender or exchange offers. 
 In addition, on or prior to
April 10, 2014 (in the case of the series C preferred stock) or February 6, 2015 (in the case of the series D preferred stock) in the event of a fundamental change when the applicable price of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock is
less than $40.34 per share (in the case of the series C preferred stock) or $35.73 per share 
 (in the case of the series D preferred stock), then holders of shares of the series C preferred stock and the series D preferred stock will have a special right to convert some or all of their
series of preferred stock into a number of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock per $25.00 liquidation preference equal to such liquidation preference, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the
fundamental change conversion date, divided by 98% of the market price of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock. In the event that holders of shares of the convertible preferred stock exercise this special conversion right, Digital Realty Trust,
Inc. has the right to repurchase for cash all or any part of the convertible preferred stock as to which the conversion right was exercised at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the liquidation preference of the convertible preferred stock to be
repurchased plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the fundamental change conversion date. Additionally, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. currently has 11,500,000 shares of 7.000% series E cumulative redeemable
preferred stock outstanding, which may be converted into Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock upon the occurrence of limited specified change in control transactions. 
 The conversion of the convertible preferred stock or series E preferred stock for Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock would dilute stockholder ownership in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and unitholder
ownership in Digital Realty Trust, L.P., and could adversely affect the market price of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Any adjustments
increasing the conversion rates of the convertible preferred stock would exacerbate their dilutive effect. Further, the fundamental change conversion rights might be triggered in situations where we need to conserve our cash reserves, which may
limit our ability to repurchase the shares of convertible preferred stock in lieu of conversion. 
 Our Digital Design Services 
 business is subject to risks particular to third-party construction projects. 
 Our Digital Design Services 
 business is new and we only have limited experience in providing design and construction services to third parties. By providing these design and construction
services to third parties, we become subject to a variety of risks unique to these activities. If construction costs of a project exceed original estimates, such costs may have to be absorbed by us, which would make the project less profitable than
originally estimated, or possibly not profitable at all. A construction project may be delayed due to government or regulatory approvals, supply shortages, or other events and circumstances beyond our control, or the time required to complete a
construction project may be greater than originally anticipated. In addition, we may be liable for any injuries or damage that arise from worksite accidents, or from the design or construction of the datacenters we build. If any such excess costs,
project delays or liabilities were to be material, such events may adversely effect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. 
 The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all
errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While management will continue to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over
financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Furthermore, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting with respect to entities that we do not control or
manage may be substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to the subsidiaries that we have controlled or managed over the course of time. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial
reporting which may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our results of operations, restatements of our financial statements, a decline in Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stock price, or otherwise materially adversely affect our
business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s duty to its stockholders may conflict with the interests of Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s
unitholders. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between Digital
Realty Trust, Inc. and its affiliates, on the one hand, and our operating partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s directors and officers have duties to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and its stockholders under
Maryland law in connection with their management of our company. At the same time, Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, has fiduciary duties under Maryland law to our operating partnership and to the limited partners in connection with
the management of our operating partnership. Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s duties as general partner to our operating partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s directors and officers
to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and its stockholders. Under Maryland law, a general partner of a Maryland limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of loyalty and care, which must be discharged consistently with the obligation of good
faith and fair dealing, unless the partnership agreement provides otherwise. The partnership agreement of our operating partnership provides that for so long as Digital Realty Trust, Inc. owns a controlling interest in our operating partnership, any
conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders. 
 The provisions of Maryland law that allow the fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not
been tested in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s fiduciary duties. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders are also subject to the following
additional conflicts of interest: 
 On August 3, 2010, GI Partners Fund III, LLP, or GI Partners III, acquired a controlling interest in SoftLayer Technologies, Inc., or SoftLayer, an on-demand data center services provider that
leases 250,767 square feet from us under 8 lease agreements as of December 31, 2011. Richard Magnuson, the Chairman of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors, is and will continue to be the chief executive officer of the advisor
to GI Partners III. In the future, we may enter into additional agreements with SoftLayer or other companies owned by GI Partners II, GI Partners III or other GI Partners funds. We may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, our rights
under these agreements because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with GI Partners funds and Mr. Magnuson. 
 We may pursue less vigorous enforcement of terms of certain agreements because of
conflicts of interest with GI Partners. 
 Sales of properties and repayment of certain indebtedness will affect holders of
common units in our operating partnership and Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders differently. The parties who contributed the 200 Paul Avenue 1-4 and 1100 Space Park Drive properties to our operating partnership would incur adverse tax
consequences upon the sale of these properties and on the repayment of related debt which differ from the tax consequences to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and its stockholders. Consequently, these holders of common units in our operating partnership
may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale or repayment of debt. While Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has exclusive authority under the limited partnership agreement of our operating partnership to
determine when to refinance or repay debt or whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, any such decision would require the approval of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors. Certain of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s
directors and executive officers could exercise their influence in a manner inconsistent with the interests of some, or a majority, of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders, including in a manner which could prevent completion of a sale of
a property or the repayment of indebtedness. 
 Tax consequences upon sale or refinancing. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter, Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s partnership
agreement and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes the company’s directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve the company’s qualification as a REIT and to limit
any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of the company’s common stock, 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is
more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock and 9.8% of the value of the company’s outstanding capital stock. Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt
(prospectively or retroactively) a proposed transferee from the ownership limit. However, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors may not grant an exemption from the ownership limit to any proposed transferee whose direct or indirect
ownership of more than 9.8% of the outstanding shares of the company’s common stock, more than 9.8% of the outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock or more than 9.8% of the value of the company’s outstanding capital stock could
jeopardize the company’s status as a REIT. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors determines that it is no longer in the company’s best interests to
attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT or that compliance is no longer required for REIT qualification. The ownership limit may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might be in the best interest of
Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter and the articles supplementary with respect to the preferred stock contain 9.8% ownership
limits. 
 Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s partnership agreement provides that Digital Realty Trust, Inc. may not engage in any
merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another person, any sale of all or substantially all of its assets or any reclassification, recapitalization or change of its outstanding equity interests unless the transaction is approved by
the holders of common units and long term incentive units representing at least 35% of the aggregate percentage interests of all holders of common units and long-term incentive units and either: 
 Digital Realty Trust,
L.P.’s partnership agreement contains provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. 
 all limited partners will receive, or have the right to elect to receive, for each common unit an amount of cash, securities or other property equal to
the product of the number of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock into which a common unit is then exchangeable and the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid in consideration of each share of Digital Realty Trust,
Inc. common stock in connection with the transaction (provided that, if, in connection with the transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer is made to and accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.
common stock, each holder of common units will receive, or have the right to elect to receive, the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property which such holder would have received if it exercised its right to redemption and received
shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock in exchange for its common units immediately prior to the expiration of such purchase, tender or exchange offer and thereupon accepted such purchase, tender or exchange offer and the transaction was
then consummated); or 
 the following conditions are met: 
 substantially all of the assets directly or indirectly owned by the surviving entity in the transaction are held directly or indirectly by Digital
Realty Trust, L.P. or another limited partnership or limited liability company which is the survivor of a merger, consolidation or combination of assets with Digital Realty Trust, L.P., or the surviving partnership; 
 the holders of common units and long-term incentive units own a percentage interest of the surviving partnership based on the relative fair market
value of Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s net assets and the other net assets of the surviving partnership immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction; 
 the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of interests in the surviving partnership are at least as favorable as those in effect
immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction and as those applicable to any other limited partners or non-managing members of the surviving partnership; and 
 the rights of the limited partners or non-managing members of the surviving partnership include at least one of the following: (i) the right to
redeem their interests in the surviving partnership for the consideration available to such persons pursuant to Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s partnership agreement; or (ii) the right to redeem their interests for cash on terms equivalent to
those in effect with respect to their common units immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction (or, if the ultimate controlling person of the surviving partnership has publicly traded common equity securities, for such common equity
securities, with an exchange ratio based on the determination of relative fair market value of such securities and the shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock). 
 These provisions may discourage others from trying to acquire control of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and may delay, defer or prevent a
change of control transaction that might be beneficial to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter
authorizes the company’s board of directors, without stockholder approval, to amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of stock of any
class or series, to issue authorized but unissued shares of the company’s common stock or preferred stock and, subject to the voting rights of holders of preferred stock, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of the company’s
common stock or preferred stock and to set the preferences, rights and other terms of such classified or reclassified shares. Although Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors has no such intention at the present time, it could establish
a class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might be in the best interest of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and
Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. could increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or MGCL, may have the effect of impeding a third party from making a proposal to acquire Digital Realty Trust, Inc. or of impeding a change of control under circumstances
that otherwise could be in the best interests of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders, including: 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in
control. 
 “business combination” provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and
an “interested stockholder” (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of the company’s outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the company who, at any time within
the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the company’s then outstanding shares of stock) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the
stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes special appraisal rights and supermajority voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 “control share” provisions that provide that “control shares” of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (defined as shares which, when
aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a “control share
acquisition” (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding “control shares”) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the company’s stockholders by the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has opted out of these provisions of the MGCL, in the case of the business combination provisions of the MGCL by resolution of its board of directors, and in the case of the
control share provisions of the MGCL pursuant to a provision in its bylaws. However, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of 
 directors may by resolution elect to opt in to the business combination provisions of the MGCL and the company may, by amendment to its bylaws, opt in to the control share provisions of the MGCL
in the future. 
 The provisions of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter on removal of directors and the advance notice
provisions of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of the company that might be in the best interest of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust,
L.P.’s unitholders. Likewise, if Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors were to opt in to the business combination provisions of the MGCL or the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL not currently applicable to the
company, or if the provision in the Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s bylaws opting out of the control share acquisition provisions of the MGCL were rescinded, these provisions of the MGCL could have similar anti-takeover effects. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors may change our investment and financing policies without stockholder approval or
approval of Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s other partners and we may become more highly leveraged, which may increase our risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors adopted a policy limiting our indebtedness to 60% of our total enterprise value. Our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value
of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total capitalization ratio), excluding options issued under our incentive award plan, plus the aggregate value of Digital Realty Trust,
L.P. units not held by Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock and excluding long-term incentive units and Class C units), plus the liquidation preference
of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s outstanding preferred stock, plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness. However, the organizational documents of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. do not limit the amount
or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors may alter or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder or unitholder approval. If this policy
changed, we could become more highly leveraged which could result in an increase in our debt service and which could materially adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders or
distributions to Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. Higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s rights and the rights of its stockholders to take action against its directors and officers are limited. 
 Maryland law provides that Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s directors have no liability in their capacities as directors if they perform
their duties in good faith, in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the company’s best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. As permitted by the MGCL,
Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter limits the liability of the company’s directors and officers to the company and its stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was material to the cause of action
adjudicated. 
 In addition, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter authorizes the company to obligate
itself, and the company’s bylaws require it, to indemnify the company’s directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding
to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has entered into indemnification agreements with its officers and directors. As a result, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and its stockholders may have more limited rights
against its directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s directors or officers impede the performance of the company, the
company’s stockholders’ ability to recover damages from that director or officer will be limited. 
 Risks Related to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s Status as a REIT 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and its stockholders and to
Digital Realty Trust, L.P. and its unitholders. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has operated and intends to continue operating
in a manner that it believes will allow it to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under the Code. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has not requested and does not plan to request a ruling from the IRS that it qualifies as a REIT. If Digital
Realty Trust, Inc. loses its REIT status, it will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce its cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay dividends to its stockholders, for each of the years involved
because: 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing its taxable income and would be subject to
federal income tax at regular corporate rates; 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and 
 unless Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, it could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four
taxable years following the year during which it was disqualified. 
 In addition, if Digital Realty Trust,
Inc. fails to qualify as a REIT, it will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and accordingly, distributions Digital Realty Trust, L.P. makes to its unitholders could be similarly reduced. As a result of all these factors, Digital
Realty Trust, Inc.’s failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would materially adversely affect the value of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stock and Digital Realty Trust,
L.P.’s units. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the
applicable Treasury Regulations that have been promulgated under the Code is greater in the case of a REIT that, like Digital Realty Trust, Inc., holds its assets through a partnership. Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s ability to qualify as a REIT
may be affected by facts and circumstances that are not entirely within its control. In order to qualify as a REIT, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of its assets and
a requirement that at least 95% of its gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, such as “rents from real property.” Also, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at
least 90% of its net taxable income, excluding net capital gains. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may materially adversely affect its investors, its ability to qualify as a REIT for
federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. 
 Even if Digital
Realty Trust, Inc. qualifies as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, it may be subject to some federal, state and local taxes on its income or property and, in certain cases, a 100% penalty tax, in the event it sells property as a dealer. In
addition, our domestic corporate subsidiary, Digital Services, Inc., which is a taxable REIT subsidiary of Digital Realty Trust, Inc., could be subject to federal and state taxes, and our foreign properties and companies are subject to tax in the
jurisdictions in which they operate and are located. 
 To maintain Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s REIT status, we may be
forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. 
 To qualify as a REIT, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. generally
must distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its net taxable income each year, excluding capital gains, and Digital Realty Trust, Inc. will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that it distributes less than 100% of its
net taxable income each year. In addition, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by Digital Realty Trust, Inc. in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85%
of its ordinary income, 95% of its capital gain net income and 100% of its undistributed income from prior years. While historically Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash 
 distributions to its stockholders, a REIT is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property. We may need to borrow funds for Digital Realty Trust, Inc.
to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income
for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. 
 The power of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s board of directors to revoke Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s REIT election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to Digital Realty
Trust, Inc.’s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s unitholders. 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s
charter provides that its board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate its REIT election, without the approval of its stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s best interests to continue to
qualify as a REIT. If Digital Realty Trust, Inc. ceases to qualify as a REIT, it would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income and it would no longer be required to distribute most of its taxable income to its stockholders
and accordingly, distributions Digital Realty Trust, L.P. makes to its unitholders could be similarly reduced. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 We make statements in this report that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.
In particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources, portfolio performance including our ability to lease vacant space and space under development, leverage policy and acquisition and capital expenditure plans, as well as our discussion of
“Factors Which May Influence Future Results of Operations,” contain forward-looking statements. Likewise, all of our statements regarding anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements.
You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,”
“intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates” or “anticipates” or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and
which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. 
 Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which
may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual
results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 the impact of the recent deterioration in global economic, credit and market conditions, including the downgrade of the U.S. government’s credit
rating; 
 current local economic conditions in our geographic markets; 
 decreases in information technology spending, including as a result of economic slowdowns or recession; 
 adverse economic or real estate developments in our industry or the industry sectors that we sell to (including risks relating to decreasing real
estate valuations and impairment charges); 
 our dependence upon significant tenants; 
 bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant or a significant number of smaller tenants; 
 defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; 
 our failure to obtain necessary debt and equity financing; 
 increased interest rates and operating costs; 
 risks associated with using debt to fund our business activities, including re-financing and interest rate risks, our failure to repay debt when due,
adverse changes in our credit ratings or our breach of covenants or other terms contained in our loan facilities and agreements; 
 financial market fluctuations; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our inability to manage our growth effectively; 
 difficulty acquiring or operating properties in foreign jurisdictions; 
 our failure to successfully integrate and operate acquired or redeveloped properties or businesses; 
 risks related to joint venture investments, including as a result of our lack of control of such investments; 
 delays or unexpected costs in development or redevelopment of properties; 
 decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates; 
 increased competition or available supply of data center space; 
 our inability to successfully develop and lease new properties and space held for redevelopment; 
 difficulties in identifying properties to acquire and completing acquisitions; 
 our inability to acquire off-market properties; 
 our inability to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to reporting companies; 
 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s failure to maintain its status as a REIT; 
 possible adverse changes to tax laws; 
 restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities; 
 environmental uncertainties and risks related to natural disasters; 
 losses in excess of our insurance coverage; 
 changes in foreign laws and regulations, including those related to taxation and real estate ownership and operation; and 
 changes in local, state and federal regulatory requirements, including changes in real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates. 
 The risks included here are not exhaustive, and additional factors could adversely affect our business and
financial performance, including factors and risks included in other sections of this report, including under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors
emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guaranties of future performance. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or
revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes. 