In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all businesses, important factors that are
specific to our industry and our company could materially impact our future performance and results. We have provided below a list of risk factors that should be reviewed when considering investing in our securities. These are not all the risks we
face, and other factors currently considered immaterial or unknown to us may impact our future operations. 
 — Our operating results and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and their impact on business and
consumer spending. The decline in business and consumer spending resulting from the global recession and the deterioration of global credit markets has caused our comparable store sales to continue to decline from prior periods and we have
experienced similar declines in most of our other domestic and international businesses. Our business and financial performance may continue to be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions and the level of consumer debt and
interest rates, which may cause a continued or further decline in business and consumer spending. 
 Declines in
business and consumer spending could adversely affect our business and financial performance 
 — The office products market is highly competitive and we compete locally,
domestically and internationally with a variety of retailers, distributors and internet operators such as office supply stores, mass merchant retailers, warehouse clubs, computer and electronics stores, local merchants and contract stationers. Many
competitors have also increased their presence by broadening their assortments or broadening from retail into the delivery and e-commerce channels, while others have substantially greater financial resources to devote to sourcing, marketing and
selling their products. Product pricing is also becoming ever more competitive, particularly among competitors on the internet. In order to achieve and maintain expected profitability levels, we must continue to grow by adding new customers and
taking market share from competitors. In addition, consumers are utilizing more technology and purchasing less paper, file storage and similar products. If we are unable to provide technology solutions and services or if we are unable to effectively
compete, our sales and financial performance will be negatively impacted. 
 Our business is
highly competitive and failure to adequately differentiate ourselves or respond to shifting consumer demands could adversely impact our financial performance 
 One of our largest U.S. customer groups consists of various state and local governments, federal, state and local government agencies and
non-profit organizations. Contracting with these groups is highly competitive, subject to federal and state procurement laws, requires more restrictive contract terms and can be expensive and time-consuming. Bidding such contracts often requires
that we incur significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Our ability to compete successfully for and retain business with the federal and various state and local governments is highly dependent on
cost-effective performance and is also sensitive to changes in national and international priorities and U.S., state and local government budgets, which in the current economy continue to decrease. We service a substantial amount of government
agency business through agreements with consortiums of governmental and non-profit entities. If we are unsuccessful in retaining these customers, or if there is a significant reduction in sales under our large government contracts or if we lose
these contracts, it could adversely impact our financial results. 
 We do a significant amount of business with
government entities and loss of this business could negatively impact our results 
 We purchase products for resale under credit arrangements
with our vendors and have been able to negotiate payment terms that are approximately equal in length to the time it takes to sell the vendor’s products. In weak global markets, vendors may seek credit insurance to protect against non-payment
of amounts due to them. If we continue to experience declining operating performance, and if we experience severe liquidity challenges, vendors may demand that we accelerate our payment for their products. Borrowings under our existing credit
facility could reach maximum levels under such circumstances and we would seek alternative liquidity measures but may not be able to meet our obligations as they become due. 
 If a significant number of our vendors demand
accelerated payments or require cash on delivery such demands could have an adverse impact on our operating cash flow and result in severe stress on our liquidity 
 — Historically, we have generated positive cash flow from operating activities and have had access to broad financial markets that
provide the liquidity we need to operate our business. Together, these sources have been used to fund operating and working capital needs, as well as invest in business expansion through new store openings, capital improvements and acquisitions. Due
to the downturn in the global economy our operating results have declined. Further deterioration in our financial results could negatively impact our credit ratings, our liquidity and our access to the capital markets. Certain of our existing
indebtedness matures in 2013 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance all or a portion of that indebtedness. If we are able to refinance all or a portion of that indebtedness, the terms of such refinancing will likely be less
favorable than the terms of our existing indebtedness 
 The tightening of the credit markets or a downgrade in our credit ratings could make
it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance indebtedness, obtain new funding or issue securities 
 — Our asset based credit facility contains a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant that is operative only when borrowing availability is below $125 million or prior to a
restricted transaction, such as incurring additional indebtedness, acquisitions, dispositions, dividends, or share repurchases. The agreement also contains representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and default provisions. A
breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit agreement, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and
payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders were to accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our asset based credit facility and our other indebtedness. Also, should there
be an event of default, or a need to obtain waivers following an event of default, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and/or more restrictive covenants in future periods. Acceleration of any obligation under any of our material debt
agreements or instruments would permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations. 
 A default under our credit facility could significantly
restrict our access to funding and adversely impact our operations 
 We depend on senior management and other key personnel, and the loss of certain personnel could
result in the loss of management continuity and institutional knowledge. We depend heavily upon our labor force to identify new customers and provide desired products and personalized customer service to existing customers. Changes in factors, such
as overall unemployment levels, local competition for qualified personnel, prevailing wage rates, changes in employment law, as well as rising employee benefits costs, including insurance in the areas in which we operate, could interfere with our
ability to adequately provide support to customers and increase our labor costs. We also engage third parties in some of our processes such as delivery and transaction processing who may face similar issues. In addition, we operate in various
jurisdictions, each with distinct labor laws and regulations, which increase exposure, complexity and cost of compliance. 
 Loss of
key personnel or failure to effectively manage and motivate our workforce could negatively impact our sales and profitability 
 In recent years, we have substantially
increased the number and types of products that we sell under our own brands including Office Depot 
 and other
proprietary brands. Sources of supply may prove to be unreliable, or the quality of the globally sourced products may vary from our expectations. Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source such products, as well as import and
export, shipping and dockage issues, could adversely impact the availability or cost of such products, or both. Moreover, as we seek indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of realization of any such indemnity and the
lack of understanding of U.S. product liability laws in certain parts of Asia make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or complaints from our customers. Most of our goods imported to the U.S. arrive from Asia through ports located
on the U.S. west coast and we are therefore subject to potential disruption due to labor unrest, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. 
 Disruption of global sourcing activities or our own brand quality concerns could negatively impact brand reputation and earnings 
 Our global tax rate
is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various domestic and international jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon 
 Changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate can cause fluctuations in our overall tax rate impacting our reported earnings 
 the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax filing positions we take in these jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may
fluctuate significantly from other companies or even our own past tax rates. At any given point in time, we base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate upon a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our company and to estimates of the
amount of income likely to be generated in any given geography. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting
for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable
change in our overall tax rate. 
 We
are involved in various legal proceedings, which from time to time may involve class action lawsuits, federal, state and local governmental inquiries, audits and investigations, employment, tort, consumer litigation and intellectual property
litigation. At times, such matters may involve directors and/or executive officers. Certain of these legal proceedings, including government investigations, may be a significant distraction to management and could expose our company to significant
liability, including damages, fines, penalties, attorneys’ fees and costs, and non-monetary sanctions, including suspensions and debarments from doing business with certain government agencies, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks 
 Circumstances outside of our control could negatively impact anticipated store openings, joint ventures and franchise arrangements. We cannot provide assurance that
our new store openings, including some newly sized or formatted stores or retail concepts, will be successful. There may be unintended consequences of adding joint venture and franchising partners to the Office Depot model, such as the potential for
compromised operational control in certain countries and inconsistent international brand image. These arrangements may also add complexity to our processes and may require as yet unforeseen operational adjustments in the future that could adversely
impact our operations and financial results. 
 Failure to successfully manage domestic and international business could
have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results 
 As of December 31, 2011, we sold to customers in 60 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia and
Latin America. We operate wholly-owned entities, majority-owned entities and participate in joint ventures and alliances globally. Sales from our operations outside the U.S. are denominated in local currency, which must be translated into U.S.
dollars for reporting purposes and therefore our consolidated earnings can be significantly impacted by fluctuations in world currency markets. We are required to comply with multiple foreign laws and regulations that may differ substantially from
country to country, requiring significant management attention and cost. In addition, the business cultures in certain areas of the world are different than those that prevail in the U.S., and we may be at a competitive disadvantage against other
companies that do not have to comply with standards of financial controls, anti-corruption or business integrity that we are committed to maintaining as a U.S. publicly traded company. 
 We face risks associated with international business, such as foreign
currency fluctuations, potential unfavorable foreign trade policies or unstable political and economic conditions 
 We are
subject to regulatory requirements relating to our corporate conduct and the conduct of our business, including securities laws, consumer protection and safety laws, advertising regulations, and wage and hour regulations. Certain jurisdictions have
taken a particularly aggressive stance with respect to such matters and have implemented new initiatives and reforms, including more stringent disclosure and compliance requirements. To the extent that we are subject to more challenging regulatory
environments and enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, such exposure could have a material adverse effect on our business, including the added cost of increased compliance measures that we may determine to be necessary. 
 Changes in the regulatory environment may increase our expenses and may negatively impact our business 
 We operate a large network of stores
and delivery centers around the globe. As such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to transport 
 Increases in fuel prices could have an adverse impact on our earnings 
 products to our stores and customers as well as shipping costs to import products from overseas. While we may hedge our anticipated fuel purchases, the underlying commodity costs associated with
this transport activity have been volatile in recent years and disruptions in availability of fuel could cause our operating costs to rise significantly to the extent not covered by our hedges. Additionally, we rely on predictable energy costs to
operate our stores and DCs. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of our energy could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 We rely heavily on computer systems to process transactions, manage our inventory and supply-chain and
to summarize and analyze our global business. Certain systems are at, or near the end of life, and need to be replaced. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, or, if we do not replace or upgrade certain systems, we may incur
substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience an interruption of our normal business activities or loss of critical data. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions to increase productivity and efficiency, that,
if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce during development and implementation and constrain for some time our ability to provide the level of service our customers demand. Also, once implemented, the new systems and
technology may not provide the intended efficiencies or anticipated benefits and could add costs and complications to our ongoing operations. 
 Disruptions of our computer systems could adversely affect our operations 
 — Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and store certain personal information that our customers
provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our web site, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. This may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, and payment
account information. We also gather and retain information about our employees in the normal course of business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. In addition, our online
operations at 
 depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, such as information permitting cashless payments. 
 We may be subject to breaches of our information technology systems, which could adversely affect our reputation, business partner and customer relationships and access to online stores. Such
breaches could subject us to reputational and financial consequences, disrupt our operations and expose us to litigation 
 www.officedepot.com 
 We have instituted safeguards for the protection of such information. These security measures may be compromised as a result of third
party security breaches, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management, or other irregularity, and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to company data or accounts. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such
information, we cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. We may experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data. Moreover, if a computer security breach affects our
systems or results in the unauthorized release of personal information, our reputation and brand could be materially damaged and use of our products could decrease. The company would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and possible
liability, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 — Because of our heavy concentration in the southern
U.S. (including Florida and the Gulf Coast), we may be more susceptible than some of our competitors to the effects of tropical weather disturbances, such as hurricanes. In addition, winter storm conditions in areas that have a large concentration
of our business activities could also result in lost retail sales, supply chain constraints or other business disruptions. We believe that we have taken reasonable precautions to prepare for weather-related events, but our precautions may not be
adequate to deal with such events in the future. 
 Our business could be disrupted due to weather related factors 
 We have a large employee base and while our management believes that our employee relations are good, we cannot be assured that we will not experience pressure from
labor unions or become the target of campaigns similar to those faced by our competitors. The potential for unionization could increase if federal legislation is passed that would facilitate labor organization. Significant union representation would 
 The unionization of a significant portion of our workforce could
increase our overall costs and adversely affect our operations 
 require us to negotiate wages, salaries, benefits and other terms with many of our employees collectively and could adversely affect our results of operations by significantly increasing our
labor costs or otherwise restricting our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. 
 The Series A and Series B
Preferred Stock that we sold in June 2009 to funds advised by BC Partners, Inc. (the “Investors”) were immediately convertible into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price of $5.00 per share (subject to a conversion cap).
The investment equates to an initial ownership interest of approximately 20%, assuming the full conversion of each series of preferred stock into the company’s common stock. Any sales in the public market of the shares of common stock issuable
upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. 
 BC Partners’
significant ownership interest dilutes the interests of our common shareholders, may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and grants important rights to BC Partners, Inc. 
 The initial dividend rate remains
10% on both the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, and dividends are paid quarterly in cash or are added to the liquidation preference at our option and are subject to certain restrictions. To the extent that dividends are added to the
liquidation preference, this further increases the ownership interest of the Investors and dilutes the interests of the common shareholders. 
 The holders of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to vote with the holders of our common stock on an as-converted basis, subject to limitations imposed by New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) shareholder approval requirements. The Investors have agreed to cause all of their common stock and preferred stock entitled to vote at any meeting of our shareholders to be present at such meeting and to vote all such shares in
favor of any nominee or director nominated by the company’s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, against the removal of any director nominated by such committee and, with respect to any other business or proposal, in accordance with
the recommendation of the board of directors (other than with respect to the approval of any proposed business combination agreement between the company and another entity). This may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company,
which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company. 
 We also entered into a related Investor Rights Agreement pursuant to which we granted certain rights to the Investors that may restrain our ability to take certain actions in the future. Subject to
certain exceptions, for so long as the Investors’ ownership percentage is equal to or greater than 10%, the approval of at least one of the directors designated to our board of directors by the Investors is required for the company to incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of $200 million in the aggregate during any fiscal year if the ratio of the consolidated debt of the company and its subsidiaries to the trailing four quarter adjusted EBITDA of the company and its
subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is more than 4x. In addition, for so long as the Investors’ ownership percentage is (i) equal to or greater than 15%, the Investors are entitled to nominate three directors, (ii) less than 15%
but more than 10%, two directors and (iii) less than 10% but more than 5%, one director. There can be no assurance that the interests of the Investors are aligned with those of our other shareholders. Investor interests can differ from each
other and from other corporate interests and it is possible that this significant shareholder may have interests that differ from management and those of other shareholders. If the Investors were to sell, or otherwise transfer, all or a large
percentage of their holdings, our stock price could decline and we could find it difficult to raise capital, if needed, through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 Disclaimer of Obligation to Update 
 We assume no obligation (and
specifically disclaim any such obligation) to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such
forward-looking statements.