In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all businesses, important factors that are
specific to our industry and our Company could materially impact our future performance and results. We have provided below a list of risk factors that should be reviewed when considering investing in our securities. 
 Our ongoing business is subject to certain risks related to our merger with OfficeMax. 
 As described elsewhere in this Annual Report, we completed a merger with OfficeMax on November 5, 2013, pursuant to which OfficeMax
became an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company. The Merger involved the integration of two companies that previously operated independently with principal offices in two distinct locations. We are devoting significant management
attention and resources to integrating the companies. However, the Merger may present certain risks to our business and operations including, among other things, risks that: 
 the businesses of Office Depot and OfficeMax may not be integrated successfully or such integration may take longer, be more difficult,
time-consuming or costly to accomplish than expected; 
 we may experience business disruption following the Merger, including adverse effects on employee retention; 
 we may be unable to avoid potential liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the Merger and integration; 
 there may be unanticipated changes in the markets for the combined Company’s business segments; 
 branding or rebranding initiatives may involve substantial costs and may not be favorably received by customers; 
 there may be unanticipated downturns in business relationships with customers; 
 there may be competitive pressures on the combined Company’s sales and pricing; 
 there may be increases in the cost of material, energy and other production costs, or unexpected costs that cannot be recouped in product pricing; 
 we may be unable to successfully manage the complex integration of systems, technology, networks and other assets of the combined Company in a
manner that minimizes any adverse impact on our customers, vendors, suppliers, employees and other constituencies; and 
 the combined Company may have difficulty in maintaining its long-term credit rating. 
 Accordingly, there can be no assurance that: (i) the Merger will result in the realization of the full benefits of synergies,
innovation and operational efficiencies that we currently expect; (ii) that these benefits will be achieved within the anticipated timeframe: (iii) that we will be able to fully and accurately measure any such synergies; or (iv) that
we will be able to implement new strategies to transform the newly combined Company. Failure to successfully integrate the businesses and realize the projected synergies, innovation and operational efficiencies may have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial results. 
 Our business is highly competitive and failure to adequately differentiate ourselves or respond the
decline in general office supplies sales or to shifting consumer demands could adversely impact our financial performance. 
 The office products market is highly competitive and we compete locally, domestically and internationally with office supply stores, including Staples, wholesale clubs such as Costco and BJs, mass
merchandisers such as Wal-Mart and Target, computer and electronics superstores such as Best Buy, Internet-based companies such as Amazon.com, food and drug stores, discount stores, and direct marketing companies. Many competitors have also
increased their presence by broadening their assortments or broadening from retail into the delivery and 
 channels, while others have substantially greater financial resources to devote to sourcing,
marketing and selling their products. Product pricing is also becoming ever more competitive, particularly among competitors on the Internet. In order to achieve and maintain expected profitability levels, we must continue to grow by adding new
customers and taking market share from competitors. In addition, consumers are utilizing more technology and purchasing less paper, ink and toner, physical file storage and general office supplies. If we are unable to: (i) provide technology
solutions and services that meet consumer needs; (ii) continuously stock products that are up-to-date and among the latest trends in the rapidly changing technological environment; (iii) differentiate ourselves from other retailers who
sell similar products; and (iv) effectively compete, our sales and financial performance could be negatively impacted. 
 e-commerce 
 If we are
unable to successfully maintain a relevant multichannel experience for our customers, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 With the increasing use of computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop in our stores and online, we offer full and mobile versions of our websites (www.officedepot.com and
www.officemax.com) and applications for mobile phones and tablets. In addition, we are increasing the use of social media as a means of interacting with our customers and enhancing their shopping experiences. Multichannel retailing is rapidly
evolving and we must keep pace with the changing expectations of our customers and new developments by our competitors. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract third parties with the specialized skills needed to support our
multichannel platforms, or are unable to implement improvements to our customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if our website and our other
customer-facing technology systems do not function as designed, the customer experience could be negatively affected, resulting in a loss of customer confidence and satisfaction, and lost sales, which could adversely affect our reputation and
results of operations. 
 We do a significant amount of business with government entities, various purchasing consortiums, and through
sole- or limited- source distribution arrangements, and loss of this business could negatively impact our results. 
 One of our largest U.S. customer groups consists of various state and local governments, government agencies and non-profit
organizations. Contracting with state and local governments is highly competitive, subject to federal and state procurement laws, requires more restrictive contract terms and can be expensive and time-consuming. Bidding such contracts often requires
that we incur significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Our ability to compete successfully for and retain business with the federal and various state and local governments is highly dependent on
cost-effective performance and is also sensitive to changes in national and international priorities and U.S., state and local government budgets, which in the current economy continue to decrease. We also service a substantial amount of business
through agreements with purchasing consortiums and other sole- or limited-source distribution arrangements. If we are unsuccessful in retaining these customers, or if there is a significant reduction in sales under any of these arrangements, it
could adversely impact our financial results. 
 Current macroeconomic conditions have had and may continue to adversely affect our business and
financial performance. 
 Our operating results and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions
and their impact on business and consumer spending. The decline in business and consumer spending resulting from the global recession has caused our comparable store sales to continue to decline from prior periods and we have experienced
similar declines in most of our other domestic and international businesses. Our business and financial performance may continue to be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, including, without limitation, the level of consumer
debt, high levels of unemployment, higher interest rates and the ability of our customers to obtain credit, which may cause a continued or further decline in business and consumer spending. 
 Increases in fuel and other commodity prices could have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
 We operate a large network of stores, delivery centers, and delivery vehicles around the globe. As such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to transport products to our stores and customers as
well as shipping costs to import products from overseas. While we may hedge our anticipated fuel purchases, the underlying commodity costs associated with this transport activity have been volatile in recent years and disruptions in availability of
fuel could cause our operating costs to rise significantly to the extent not covered by our hedges. Additionally, other commodity prices, such as paper, may increase and we may not be able to pass along such costs to our customers. Fluctuations in
the availability or cost of our energy and other commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Our
business may be adversely affected by the actions of and risks associated with our third-party vendors. 
 We purchase
products for resale under credit arrangements with our vendors and have been able to negotiate payment terms that are approximately equal in length to the time it takes to sell the vendor’s products. When the global economy is experiencing
weakness as it has over the last five years, vendors may seek credit insurance to protect against non-payment of amounts due to them. If we continue to experience declining operating performance, and if we experience severe liquidity challenges,
vendors may demand that we accelerate our payment for their products or require cash on delivery, which could have an adverse impact on our operating cash flow and result in severe stress on our liquidity. Borrowings under our existing credit
facility could reach maximum levels under such circumstances, causing us to seek alternative liquidity measures, but we may not be able to meet our obligations as they become due until we secure such alternative measures. 
 We use and resell many manufacturers’ branded items and services and are therefore dependent on the availability and pricing of key
products and services including ink, toner, paper and technology products. As a reseller, we cannot control the supply, design, function, cost or vendor-required conditions of sale of many of the products we offer for sale. Disruptions in the
availability of these products or the products and services we consume may adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. Further, we cannot control the cost of manufacturers’ products, and cost increases must either be
passed along to our customers or will result in erosion of our earnings. Failure to identify desirable products and make them available to our customers when desired and at attractive prices could have an adverse effect on our business and our
results of operations. In addition, a material interruption in service by the carriers that ship goods within our supply chain may adversely affect our sales. Many of our vendors are small or medium sized businesses which are impacted by current
macroeconomic conditions, both in the U.S., Asia and other locations. We may have no warning before a vendor fails, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our product offering also includes many of our own proprietary branded products. While we have focused on the quality of our proprietary
branded products, we rely on third party manufacturers for these products. Such third-party manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, the quality of our globally sourced products may not meet our expectations, such products may not meet applicable
regulatory requirements which may require us to recall 
 those products, or such products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. Furthermore, economic and political conditions in areas of the world where we source such
products may adversely affect the availability and cost of such products. In addition, our proprietary branded products compete with other manufacturers’ branded items that we offer. As we continue to increase the number and types of
proprietary branded products that we sell, we may adversely affect our relationships with our vendors, who may decide to reduce their product offerings through us and may increase their product offerings through our competitors. Finally, if any of
our customers are harmed by our proprietary branded products, they may bring product liability and other claims against us. Any of these circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 Disruption of global sourcing activities and our own brands quality concerns could negatively impact brand reputation and earnings. 
 Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source products, as well as shipping
and dockage issues, could adversely impact the availability or cost of our products, or both. Most of our goods imported to the U.S. arrive from Asia through ports located on the U.S. west coast and we are therefore subject to potential disruption
due to labor unrest, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. In addition, in recent years, we have substantially increased the number and types of products that we sell under our own brands including Office Depot 
 , OfficeMax 
 and other proprietary brands. While we have focused on the quality of our proprietary branded products, we rely on third parties to manufacture these products. Such
third-party manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, the quality of our globally sourced products may vary from our expectations and standards, such products may not meet applicable regulatory requirements which may require us to recall those
products, or such products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. Moreover, as we seek indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of realization of any such indemnity and the lack of
understanding of U.S. product liability laws in certain parts of Asia make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or complaints from our customers. 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance indebtedness, obtain new funding or issue securities. 
 Historically, we have generated positive cash flow from operating activities and have had access to broad
financial markets that provide the liquidity we need to operate our business. Together, these sources have been used to fund operating and working capital needs, as well as invest in business expansion through new store openings, capital
improvements and acquisitions. Due to the downturn in the global economy, our operating results have declined. Further deterioration in our financial results or the impact of significant Merger and integration costs could negatively impact our
credit ratings, our liquidity and our access to the capital markets. If we need to refinance all or a portion of that indebtedness, there is no assurance that we will be able to secure such refinancing at the same or more favorable terms than the
terms of our existing indebtedness 
 A default under our credit facility could significantly restrict our access to funding and
adversely impact our operations. 
 Our asset based credit facility contains a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant that
is operative only when borrowing availability is below $125 million or prior to a restricted transaction, such as incurring additional indebtedness, acquisitions, dispositions, dividends, or share repurchases. The agreement governing our credit
facility (the “Credit Agreement”) also contains representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and default provisions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our Credit Agreement. Upon the
occurrence of an event of default under our Credit Agreement, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders were to accelerate the
repayment of borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our asset based credit facility and our other indebtedness. Also, should there be an event of default, or a need to obtain waivers following an event of default, we may be subject
to higher borrowing costs and/or more restrictive 
 covenants in future periods. Acceleration of our obligations under our credit facilities would permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations. 
 We have incurred significant impairment charges and we continue to incur significant impairment charges. 
 During 2012 and 2013, we recognized significant non-cash asset impairment charges related to under-performing stores in North America.
These charges reflect greater than anticipated downturns in sales at certain lower performing stores. We assess past performance and make estimates and projections of future performance quarterly at an individual store level. Reduced sales, our
shift in strategy to be less promotional, as well as competitive factors and changes in consumer spending habits resulted in a downward adjustment of anticipated future cash flows for the individual stores that resulted in the impairment. We foresee
challenges in the market and economy that could adversely impact our operations. To the extent that forward-looking sales and operating assumptions are not achieved and are subsequently reduced, or if we commit to a more aggressive store downsizing
strategy, including allocating capital to further modify store formats, additional impairment charges may result. Further, the Company has begun to develop a new real estate strategy since the completion of its Merger. Decisions made about store
count, format and location could result in additional asset impairment charges. 
 Additionally, in 2013, we recognized a $44
million International Division goodwill impairment. This goodwill impairment resulted from the disposition of our investment in Office Depot de Mexico and the associated return of cash to the U.S. parent, which caused the carrying value of the
International Division reporting unit to exceed its fair value. 
 As of December 28, 2013, we have goodwill amounting to
$398 million, of which $377 million relates to the Merger. Because that transaction was recently completed and the purchase price has not yet been finalized, the goodwill resulting from the Merger has not been allocated to the segments. The
Merger-related goodwill will be tested for impairment annually on the first day of the third quarter or earlier if indicators of possible impairment are identified. 
 Changes in the numerous variables associated with the judgments, assumptions and estimates we make, in assessing the appropriate valuation of our goodwill, including changes resulting from macroeconomic
challenges in international markets, or disposition of components within reporting units, could in the future require a reduction of goodwill and recognition of related non-cash impairment charges. If we were required to further impair our store
assets or our goodwill, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our quarterly operating
results are subject to fluctuation due to the seasonality of our business. 
 Our business is somewhat seasonal, with
sales generally trending lower in the second quarter, following the “back-to-business” sales cycle in the first quarter and preceding the “back-to-school” sales cycle in the third quarter and the holiday sales cycle in the fourth
quarter. As a result, our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter in the past, with sales and profitability being generally stronger in the second half of our fiscal year than the first half of our fiscal year. Factors that
could also cause these quarterly fluctuations include: the pricing behavior of our competitors; the types and mix of products sold; the level of advertising and promotional expenses; the expense and outcome of pending litigation; severe weather;
macroeconomic factors that affect consumer confidence; and the other risk factors described in this section. Most of our operating expenses, such as occupancy costs and associate salaries, are not variable, and so short term adjustments to reflect
quarterly results are difficult. As a result, if sales in certain quarters are significantly below expectations, we may not be able to proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter, and therefore such a sales shortfall would have an
adverse effect on our net income for the quarter. 
 We have retained responsibility for liabilities of acquired companies that may adversely affect our
financial results. 
 OfficeMax sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain terminated
employees, vested employees, retirees, and some active employees (the “Pension Plans”). The Pension Plans are under-funded and we may be required to make contributions in subsequent years in order to maintain required funding levels, which
would have an adverse impact on our cash flows and our financial results. Additional future contributions to the Pension Plans, financial market performance and Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) funding requirements could materially change
these expected payments. 
 In connection with OfficeMax’s sale of its paper, forest products and timberland assets in
2004, OfficeMax agreed to assume responsibility for certain liabilities of the businesses sold. These obligations include liabilities related to environmental, asbestos, health and safety, tax, litigation and employee benefit matters. Some of these
retained liabilities could turn out to be significant, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our exposure to these liabilities could harm our ability to compete with other office products distributors, who would not
typically be subject to similar liabilities. 
 Changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate can cause
fluctuations in our overall tax rate impacting our reported earnings. 
 Our global tax rate is derived from a
combination of applicable tax rates in the various domestic and international jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax
filing positions we take in these jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may fluctuate significantly from other companies or even our own past tax rates. At any given point in time, we base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate upon a calculated
mix of the tax rates applicable to our Company and to estimates of the amount of income likely to be generated in any given geography. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in the mix of our business from year to
year and from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any of
the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate. 
 Loss of key personnel could
have an adverse impact on our business 
 We depend on our executive management team and other key personnel,
and the loss of certain personnel could result in the loss of management continuity and institutional knowledge. We depend heavily upon our retail labor force to identify new customers and provide desired products and personalized customer service
to existing customers. The market for qualified employees, with the right talent and competencies, is highly competitive, and may subject us to increased labor costs during periods of low unemployment. The loss of the services of key employees or
the inability to attract additional qualified managers may adversely affect our ability to conduct operations in our stores in accordance with the standards that we have set. 
 We also depend on our executive officers as well as other key personnel. Although certain members of our executive team have entered into agreements relating to their employment with us, most of our key
personnel are not bound by employment agreements, and those with employment or retention agreements are bound only for a limited period of time. If we are unable to retain our key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop and implement our
business plans, which may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks. 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings, which from time to time may involve class action lawsuits, state and
federal governmental inquiries, audits and investigations, employment, tort, consumer litigation and intellectual property litigation. At times, such matters may involve directors and/or executive officers. Certain of 
 these legal proceedings, including government investigations, may be a significant distraction to management and could expose our Company to significant liability, including damages, fines,
penalties, attorneys’ fees and costs, and non-monetary sanctions, including suspensions and debarments from doing business with certain government agencies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 
 Failure to successfully manage our domestic and international business could have an adverse effect on our operations and
financial results. 
 Circumstances outside of our control could negatively impact anticipated store openings, joint
ventures and franchise arrangements. We cannot provide assurance that our new store openings, including some newly sized or formatted stores or retail concepts, will be successful. There may be unintended consequences of adding joint venture and
franchising partners to the Office Depot model, such as the potential for compromised operational control in certain countries and inconsistent international brand image. These joint venture and franchise arrangements may also add complexity to our
processes and may require unanticipated operational adjustments in the future that could adversely impact our operations and financial results. 
 Our international operations subject us to risks as foreign currency fluctuations, potential unfavorable foreign trade policies or unstable
political and economic conditions. 
 As of December 28, 2013, we sold to customers in 57 countries throughout
North America, Europe, Asia/Pacific, and Latin America. We operate wholly-owned entities, majority-owned entities and participate in joint ventures and alliances globally. Sales from our operations outside the U.S. are denominated in local currency,
which must be translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes and therefore our consolidated earnings can be significantly impacted by fluctuations in world currency markets. We are required to comply with multiple foreign laws and regulations
that may differ substantially from country to country, requiring significant management attention and cost. In addition, the business cultures in certain areas of the world are different than those that prevail in the U.S., and we may be at a
competitive disadvantage against other companies that do not have to comply with standards of financial controls or business integrity that we are committed to maintaining as a U.S. publicly traded company. 
 Changes in the regulatory environment may increase our expenses and may negatively impact our business. 
 We are subject to regulatory matters relating to our corporate conduct and the conduct of our business, including securities laws,
consumer protection laws, advertising regulations, and wage and hour regulations and anti-corruption legislation. Certain jurisdictions have taken a particularly aggressive stance with respect to such matters and have implemented new initiatives and
reforms, including more stringent disclosure and compliance requirements. To the extent that we are subject to more challenging regulatory environments and enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, such exposure could have a material adverse
effect on our business, including the added cost of increased compliance measures that we may determine to be necessary. 
 We could be
adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity with more frequent and aggressive
investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the Department of Justice and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, increased enforcement activity by non-U.S. regulators and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against
companies and individuals. Our policies mandate compliance with all anti-bribery laws. However, we operate in certain countries that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption. Our internal control policies and procedures may 
 not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or third-party intermediaries. Violations of these anti-bribery laws may result in criminal or civil sanctions,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Healthcare reform
legislation could adversely affect our future profitability and financial condition. 
 Rising healthcare costs and
interest in universal healthcare coverage in the United States have resulted in government and private sector initiatives proposing significant healthcare reforms. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, signed into law on March 23,
2010, is expected to increase our annual employee health care costs, with the most significant increases commencing in 2015. We cannot predict the extent of the effect of this statute, or any future state or federal healthcare legislation or
regulation, will have on us. However, an expansion in government’s role in the U.S. healthcare industry could result in significant long-term costs to us, which could in turn adversely affect our future profitability and financial condition. 
 Disruptions of our computer systems could adversely affect our operations. 
 We rely heavily on computer systems to process transactions, manage our inventory and supply-chain and to summarize and analyze our
global business. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, or, if we do not replace or upgrade certain systems, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience an interruption of our normal business
activities or loss of critical data. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions to increase productivity and efficiency, that, if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce and constrain for some time our
ability to provide the level of service our customers demand. Also, once implemented, the new systems and technology may not provide the intended efficiencies or anticipated benefits and could add costs and complications to our ongoing operations. 
 A breach of our information technology systems could adversely affect our reputation, business partner and customer relationships and
operations and result in high costs. 
 Through our sales, marketing activities, and use of third party information, we
collect and store certain personally identifiable information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our website, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. This may include but
is not limited to names, addresses, phone numbers, driver license numbers, e-mail addresses, contact preferences, personally identifiable information stored on electronic devices, and payment account information, including credit and debit card
information. We also gather and retain information about our employees in the normal course of business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. In addition, our online operations
depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, such as information permitting cashless payments. 
 We have instituted safeguards for the protection of such information. These security measures may be compromised as a result of third party security breaches, burglaries, cyber attack, errors by employees
or employees of third parties, faulty password management, misappropriation of data by employees, vendors or unaffiliated third-parties, or other irregularity, and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. Despite
instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we cannot be certain that all of our systems and those of our vendors and unaffiliated third-parties are entirely free from vulnerability to attack or compromise. We may experience a
breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data and integrity of our systems or prevent fraudulent purchases. Moreover, an alleged or actual security breach that affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of
personally identifiable information could: 
 materially damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect customer satisfaction and loyalty, expose us to negative publicity, individual claims
or consumer class actions, administrative, civil or criminal investigations or actions, and infringe on proprietary information; and 
 cause us to incur substantial costs, including but not limited to costs associated with remediation for stolen assets or information, payments of
customer incentives for the maintenance of business relationships after an attack, litigation costs, lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack, and
increased cyber security protection costs. 
 Our business could be disrupted due to weather-related factors. 
 Our operations are heavily concentrated in the Southern and Midwestern U.S. (including Illinois, Ohio, Florida and
the Gulf Coast). Because of our concentration in the Southern U.S., we may be more susceptible than some of our competitors to the effects of tropical weather disturbances, such as tornadoes and hurricanes. In addition, winter storm conditions in
areas that have a large concentration of our business activities could also result in reduced demand for our products, lost retail sales, supply chain constraints or other business disruptions. We believe that we have taken reasonable precautions to
prepare for weather-related events, but our precautions may not be adequate to mitigate the adverse effect of such events in the future. 
 The unionization of a significant portion of our workforce could increase our overall costs and adversely affect our operations. 
 We have a large employee base and while our management believes that our employee relations are good, we cannot be
assured that we will not experience organization efforts from labor unions. The potential for unionization could increase if federal legislation is passed that would facilitate labor organization. Significant union representation would require us to
negotiate wages, salaries, benefits and other terms with many of our employees collectively and could adversely affect our results of operations by significantly increasing our labor costs or otherwise restricting our ability to maximize the
efficiency of our operations. 
 Disclaimer of Obligation to Update 
 We assume no obligation (and specifically disclaim any such obligation) to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.