In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all businesses, important factors that are specific to us and our industry could materially impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future performance and results. You should carefully consider the risks described below in our subsequent periodic filings with the SEC. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the MD&A and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report. 
 Risks related to our business 
 Our business is highly competitive and failure to adequately differentiate ourselves or respond to the decline in general office supplies sales or to shifting consumer demands could continue to adversely impact our financial performance. 
 The office products market is highly competitive and we compete locally, domestically and internationally with office supply resellers, including Staples, Internet-based companies such as Amazon.com, mass merchandisers such as Wal-Mart and Target, wholesale clubs such as Costco, Sam’s Club and BJs, computer and electronics superstores such as Best Buy, food and drug stores, discount stores, and direct marketing companies. Many competitors have also increased their presence by broadening their assortments or broadening from retail into the delivery and e-commerce channels, while others have substantially greater financial resources to devote to sourcing, marketing and selling their products. Product pricing is also becoming ever more competitive, particularly among competitors on the Internet. In addition, consumers are utilizing more technology and purchasing less paper, ink and toner, physical file storage and general office supplies. In order to achieve and maintain expected profitability levels, we must continue to grow by adding new customers and taking market share from competitors. 
 Our business strategy includes making acquisitions and investments that complement our existing business. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful or consume significant resources, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our ability to achieve the benefits we anticipate from acquisitions we make will depend in large part upon whether we are able to leverage the capabilities of the acquired companies to grow revenue across our combined organization, manage the acquired company’s business, execute our strategy in an efficient and effective manner and realize anticipated cost synergies. In addition, private companies recently acquired which were previously not subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“SOX”), may lack certain internal controls, which could ultimately affect our ability to ensure compliance with the requirements of SOX. 
 Table of Content 
 Because our business and the business of acquired companies may differ 
 operationally 
 , we may not be able to 
 effectively 
 manage 
 or oversee 
 the 
 operations of the 
 acquired company’s business smoothly or successfully and the process of achieving expected revenue growth and cost synergies may take longer than expected. If we are unable to succ 
 essfully manage the operations of the acquired company’s business, we may be unable to realize the revenue growth, cost synergies and other anticipated benefits we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition. 
 Our focus on services as a strategic priority exposes us to certain risks that could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability as well as our reputation. 
 Our transformation into a more business services-driven platform that delivers a full range of services complements our product offerings, including consultation, design, delivery, installation, set-up, protection plans, repair, and technical support. These services can differentiate us from many of our competitors and provide an opportunity to deliver superior customer service while generating additional revenue and profit. However, designing, marketing and executing these services successfully and consistently is subject to incremental risks. These risks include, for example: 
 increased labor expense to fulfill our customer promises, which may be higher than the related revenue; 
 unpredictable warranty failure rates and related expenses; 
 employees in transit using company vehicles to deliver products or services to customers; these factors may increase our scope of liability related to our employees’ actions; and 
 employees having access to customer devices, including the information held on those devices, which may increase our responsibility for the security of those devices and the data they hold. 
 As customers increasingly migrate to websites and mobile applications to initiate transactions, it is inherently more difficult to demonstrate and explain the features and benefits of our service offerings, which can lead to a lower revenue mix of these services. Our ability to compete successfully depends on our ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. If we are unable to pivot into a more business services-driven platform and sell innovative new products, our ability to gain a competitive advantage could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, the CompuCom Division operates in an environment that is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to shifting client needs and expectations. We compete with companies that provide IT services and outsourcing, as well as companies that sell IT related products. If we are unable to: (i) provide technology solutions and services that meet consumer needs; (ii) continuously stock products that are up-to-date and among the latest trends in the rapidly changing technological environment; (iii) differentiate ourselves from other retailers who sell similar products; and (iv) effectively compete, our sales and financial performance could be negatively impacted. 
 Failure to execute effective advertising efforts may adversely impact our financial performance. 
 Effective advertising and marketing efforts play a crucial role in maintaining high customer traffic. We focus on developing new marketing initiatives and maintaining effective promotional strategies that target further growth in our business. Failure to execute effective advertising efforts to attract new customers or retain existing customers may adversely impact our financial performance. 
 If we are unable to successfully maintain a relevant omni-channel experience for our customers, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 With the increasing use of computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop in our stores and online, we offer full and mobile versions of our website and applications for mobile phones and tablets. In addition, we are increasing the use of social media as a means of interacting with our customers and enhancing their shopping experiences. Omni-channel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with the changing expectations of our customers and new developments by our competitors. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract third parties with the specialized skills needed to support our omni-channel platforms, or are unable to implement improvements to our customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if our website and our other customer-facing technology systems do not function as designed, the customer experience could be negatively affected, resulting in a loss of customer confidence and satisfaction, and lost sales, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Our performance is highly dependent on attracting, retaining and engaging appropriately qualified employees in our stores, service centers, distribution centers, field and corporate offices. The market for qualified employees, with the right talent and competencies, is highly competitive. Factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, unemployment rates, competition from other employers, availability of qualified personnel and our ability to offer appropriate compensation packages. We operate in a competitive labor market and there is a risk that market increases in compensation could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Failure to recruit or retain qualified employees in the future 
 Table of Content 
 may impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. In addition, a significant amount of turnover of our executi 
 ve team or other employees in key positions with specific knowledge relating to us, our operations and our industry, may negatively impact our operations. 
 We depend on our executive management team and other key personnel, and the recruitment and retention of certain personnel could adversely affect our performance and result in the loss of management continuity and institutional knowledge. 
 Although certain members of our executive team have entered into agreements relating to their employment with us, most of our key personnel are not bound by employment agreements, and those with employment or retention agreements are bound only for a limited period of time. If we are unable to retain our key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop and implement our business plans, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Disruptions of our computer systems could adversely affect our operations. 
 We rely heavily on computer systems to process transactions, manage our inventory and supply-chain and to summarize and analyze our global business. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, or, if we do not replace or upgrade certain systems, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience an interruption of our normal business activities or loss of critical data. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions to increase productivity and efficiency, that, if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce and constrain for some time our ability to provide the level of service our customers demand. Also, once implemented, the new systems and technology may not provide the intended efficiencies or anticipated benefits, and could add costs and complications to our ongoing operations. 
 A breach of our information technology systems could adversely affect our reputation, business partner and customer relationships and operations and result in high costs. 
 Through our sales, marketing activities, and use of third-party information, we collect and store certain personally identifiable information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our website, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. This may include, but is not limited to, names, addresses, phone numbers, driver license numbers, e-mail addresses, contact preferences, personally identifiable information stored on electronic devices, and payment account information, including credit and debit card information. We also gather and retain information about our employees in the normal course of business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. In addition, our online operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, such as information permitting cashless payments. 
 We have instituted safeguards for the protection of such information and invested considerable resources, including insurance to cover cyber liabilities, in protecting our systems. These security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches, burglaries, cyber-attack, errors by employees or employees of third-party vendors, faulty password management, misappropriation of data by employees, vendors or unaffiliated third-parties, or other irregularity, and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we cannot be certain that all of our systems and those of our vendors and unaffiliated third-parties are entirely free from vulnerability to attack or compromise given that the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently. During the normal course of our business, we have experienced and we expect to continue to experience attempts to breach our systems, none of which has been material to the Company to date, and we may be unable to protect sensitive data and the integrity of our systems or to prevent fraudulent purchases. We are also subject to data privacy and security laws and regulations, the number and complexity of which are increasing globally, and despite compliance efforts may be the subject of enforcement or other legal actions. Moreover, an alleged or actual security breach that affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information could: 
 materially damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect customer satisfaction and loyalty, expose us to negative publicity, individual claims or consumer class actions, administrative, civil or criminal investigations or actions, and infringe on proprietary information; and 
 cause us to incur substantial costs, including but not limited to costs associated with remediation for stolen assets or information, payments of customer incentives for the maintenance of business relationships after an attack, litigation costs, lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack, and increased cyber security protection costs. While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of our cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. 
 Table of Content 
 We do a significant amount of business with government entities, various purchasin 
 g consortiums, and through sole- or limited- source distribution arrangements, and loss of this business could negatively impact our results. 
 One of our largest customer groups consists of various governmental entities, government agencies and non-profit organizations, such as purchasing consortiums. Contracting with U.S. state and local governments is highly competitive, subject to federal and state procurement laws, requires more restrictive contract terms and can be expensive and time-consuming. Bidding such contracts often requires that we incur significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Our ability to compete successfully for and retain business with federal, state and local governments is highly dependent on cost-effective performance. Our business with governmental entities and agencies is also sensitive to changes in national and international priorities and their respective budgets, which in the current economy continue to decrease. We also service a substantial amount of business through agreements with purchasing consortiums and other sole- or limited-source distribution arrangements. If we are unsuccessful in retaining these customers, or if there is a significant reduction in sales under any of these arrangements, it could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Macroeconomic conditions have had and may continue to adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 Our operating results and performance depend significantly on economic conditions and their impact on business and consumer spending. In the past, the decline in business and consumer spending has caused our comparable retail store sales to decline from prior periods. Our business and financial performance may continue to be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, including, without limitation, the level of consumer debt, high levels of unemployment, higher interest rates and the ability of our customers to obtain credit, which may cause a continued or further decline in business and consumer spending. 
 Product 
 safety and quality concerns could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability. 
 If the products we sell fail to meet applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety and quality, we could be exposed to increased legal risk and our reputation may be damaged. Failure to take appropriate actions in relation to product recalls could lead to breaches in laws and regulations and leave us susceptible to government enforcement actions or private litigation. Recalls of products, particularly when combined with lack of available alternatives or our difficulty in sourcing sufficient volumes of replacement products, could also have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability. 
 Increases in fuel and other commodity prices could have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
 We operate a large network of retail stores, delivery centers, and delivery vehicles. As such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to transport products to our stores and customers as well as shipping costs to import products from overseas. While we may hedge our anticipated fuel purchases, the underlying commodity costs associated with this transport activity may be volatile and disruptions in availability of fuel could cause our operating costs to rise significantly to the extent not covered by our hedges. Additionally, other commodity prices, such as paper, may increase and we may not be able to pass along such costs to our customers. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of our energy and other commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by the actions of and risks related to the activities of our third-party vendors. 
 We purchase products for resale under credit arrangements with our vendors and have been able to negotiate payment terms that are approximately equal in length to the time it takes to sell the vendor’s products. When the global economy is experiencing weakness as it has in the past, vendors may seek credit insurance to protect against non-payment of amounts due to them. If we experience declining operating performance and severe liquidity challenges, vendors may demand that we accelerate our payment for their products or require cash on delivery, which could have an adverse impact on our operating cash flow and result in severe stress on our liquidity. Borrowings under our existing credit facility could reach maximum levels under such circumstances, causing us to seek alternative liquidity measures, but we may not be able to meet our obligations as they become due until we secure such alternative measures. 
 We use and resell many manufacturers’ branded items and services. As a result, we are dependent on the availability and pricing of key products and services, including ink, toner, paper and technology products. As a reseller, we cannot control the supply, design, function, cost or vendor-required conditions of sale of many of the products we offer for sale. Disruptions in the availability of these products or the products and services we provide to our customers may adversely affect our sales and result in customer dissatisfaction. Further, we cannot control the cost of manufacturers’ products, and cost increases must either be passed along to our customers or will result in erosion of our earnings. 
 Table of Content 
 Failure to identify desirable products and make them available to our customers when desired and at attractive prices could have an adverse effect 
 on our business and our results of operations. In addition, a material interruption in service by the carriers that ship goods within our supply chain may adversely affect our sales. Many of our vendors are small or medium sized businesses which are impact 
 ed by current macroeconomic conditions, both in the U.S., Asia and other locations. We may have no warning before a vendor fails, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We also engage key third-party business partners to support various functions of our business, including but not limited to, information technology, web hosting and cloud-based services, human resource operations, customer loyalty programs, gift cards, customer warranty, delivery and installation, technical support, transportation and insurance programs. Any material disruption in our relationship with key third-party business partners or any disruption in the services or systems provided or managed by third parties could impact our revenues and cost structure and hinder our operations, particularly if a disruption occurs during peak revenue periods. 
 Disruption of global sourcing activities, evolving foreign trade policy (including tariffs imposed on certain foreign made goods) and our own brands’ quality concerns could negatively impact brand reputation and earnings. 
 Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source products, as well as shipping and dockage issues, could adversely impact the availability or cost of our products, or both. Most of our goods imported to the U.S. arrive from Asia through ports located on the U.S. west coast and we are therefore subject to potential disruption due to labor unrest, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. In addition, in recent years, we have substantially increased the number and types of products that we sell under our own brands including Office Depot®, OfficeMax® and other proprietary brands. While we have focused on the quality of our proprietary branded products, we rely on third parties to manufacture these products. Such third-party manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, the quality of our globally sourced products may vary from our expectations and standards, such products may not meet applicable regulatory requirements which may require us to recall those products, or such products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. Moreover, as we seek indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of realization of any such indemnity and the lack of understanding of U.S. product liability laws in certain foreign jurisdictions make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or complaints from our customers. 
 We purchase and source products from a wide variety of suppliers, including from suppliers overseas, particularly in China. As a consequence, trade restrictions, including new or increased tariffs, quotas, embargoes, sanctions, safeguards and customs restrictions, could increase our cost of goods sold or reduce the supply of the products available to us. There is no assurance that any such increased costs could be passed on to our customers, or that we could find alternative products from other sources at comparable prices. To the extent that we are subject to more challenging regulatory environments and enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, such exposure could have a material adverse effect on our business, including the added cost of increased compliance measures that we may determine to be necessary. 
 On September 18, 2018, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative announced that the current U.S. Administration would impose a 10% tariff on approximately $200 billion worth of imports from China into the U.S. effective September 24, 2018, which was expected to increase to 25% starting January 1, 2019. On December 19, 2018, the U.S. Trade representative announced a modification to the effective date of the 25% tariffs on China goods from January 1, 2019 to March 2, 2019. We are evaluating the potential impact of the effective and proposed tariffs as well as other recent changes in foreign trade policy on our supply chain, costs, sales and profitability and are considering strategies to mitigate such impact, including reviewing sourcing options and working with our vendors and merchants. While it is too early to predict how these changes in foreign trade policy and any recently enacted, proposed and future tariffs on products imported by us from China will affect our business, these changes could negatively impact our business and results of operations if they seriously disrupt the movement of products through our supply chain or increase their cost. In addition, while we may be able to shift our sourcing options, executing such a shift would be time consuming and would be difficult or impracticable for many products and may result in an increase in our manufacturing costs. Substantial regulatory uncertainty exists regarding foreign trade and trade policy, both in the United States and abroad. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, retaliatory tariffs, or other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and/or the U.S. economy, which in turn could adversely impact our results of operations and business. 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance indebtedness, obtain new funding or issue securities. 
 While merger- and restructuring-related costs have been significant between 2013 and 2018, historically, we have generated positive cash flow from operating activities and have had access to broad financial markets that provide the liquidity we need to operate our business. Together, these sources have been used to fund operating and working capital needs, as well as invest in business expansion through capital improvements and acquisitions. Deterioration in our financial results or the impact of significant merger, integration and restructuring costs could negatively impact our credit ratings, our liquidity and our access to the capital markets. If we need to refinance all or a portion of that indebtedness, there is no assurance that we will be able to secure such refinancing at the same or more favorable terms than the terms of our existing indebtedness 
 Table of Content 
 Covenants in our credit facility and term loan could adversely impact our operations. 
 Our asset-based credit facility contains a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant that is operative only when borrowing availability is below $125 million or prior to a restricted transaction, such as incurring additional indebtedness, acquisitions, dispositions, dividends, or share repurchases if we do not have the required liquidity. The agreement governing our credit facility (the “Amended Credit Agreement” as defined in Note 11, “Debt,” of the Consolidated Financial Statements) also contains representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and default provisions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our Amended Credit Agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our Amended Credit Agreement, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders were to accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our asset based credit facility and our other indebtedness. Also, should there be an event of default, or a need to obtain waivers following an event of default, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and/or more restrictive covenants in future periods. Acceleration of our obligations under our credit facilities would permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations. 
 In addition, the CompuCom acquisition was funded, in part, with a $750 million term loan facility. In November 2018, we executed the First Amendment to the Term Loan Credit Agreement to reduce the applicable interest rate from LIBOR plus 7.00% to LIBOR plus 5.25%. In connection with the applicable interest rate reduction, we made a voluntary repayment under the Term Loan Credit Agreement of $194 million. This Term Loan Credit Agreement (as defined in Note 11, “Debt,” of the Consolidated Financial Statements) contains representations and warranties, events of default, and affirmative and negative covenants that are customary for similar financings and which include, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, restrictions on the ability to declare or pay dividends subject to compliance with an annual limit, repurchase common stock, create liens, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, dispose of assets, and merge or consolidate with any other person. In addition, a minimum liquidity maintenance covenant, requiring us and our restricted subsidiaries to retain unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and availability under our Amended Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount of at least $400 million, will apply at any time that our senior secured leverage ratio under the agreement is greater than 1.50:1.00 as calculated quarterly. At December 29, 2018, our senior secured leverage ratio was 0.99:1.00 and the Company was in compliance with the agreement. 
 We have incurred significant impairment charges and we continue to incur impairment charges. 
 We regularly assess past performance and make estimates and projections of future performance at an individual store level. Reduced sales, our shift in strategy to be less price promotional, as well as competitive factors and changes in consumer spending habits resulted in a downward adjustment of anticipated future cash flows for the individual stores that resulted in the impairment. We foresee challenges in the market and economy that could adversely impact our operations. To the extent that forward-looking sales and operating assumptions are not achieved and are subsequently reduced, or if we commit to a more aggressive store downsizing strategy, including allocating capital to further modify store formats, additional impairment charges may result. We have also recognized non-cash asset impairment charges from the abandonment of assets identified as not to be used in the post-OfficeMax merger organization and from certain lease-related intangible assets that were deemed unrecoverable based on the Comprehensive Business Review. Additional asset impairments may be recognized based on future decisions and conditions. 
 Changes in the numerous variables associated with the judgments, assumptions and estimates we make, in assessing the appropriate valuation of our goodwill and other intangible assets of our reporting units, including changes resulting from macroeconomic, or disposition of components within reporting units, could in the future require a reduction of goodwill and recognition of related non-cash impairment charges. If we were required to further impair our store assets, our goodwill or intangible assets of our reporting units, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuation due to the seasonality of our business. 
 Our business experiences a certain level of seasonality with sales generally trending lower in the second quarter, following the “back-to-business” sales cycle in the first quarter and preceding the “back-to-school” sales cycle in the third quarter and the holiday sales cycle in the fourth quarter. As a result, our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter in the past, with sales and profitability being generally stronger in the second half of our fiscal year than the first half of our fiscal year. Factors that could also cause these quarterly fluctuations include: the pricing behavior of our competitors; the types and mix of products sold; the level of advertising and promotional expenses; severe weather; macroeconomic factors that affect consumer confidence and spending; and the other risk factors described in this section. Most of our operating expenses, such as occupancy costs and associate salaries, are not variable, and so short term adjustments to reflect quarterly results are difficult. As a result, if sales in certain quarters are significantly below expectations, we may not be able to proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter, and therefore such a sales shortfall would have an adverse effect on our net income for the quarter. 
 Table of Content 
 We have retained responsibility for liabilities of acquired companies that may adversely affect our financial results. 
 OfficeMax sponsors defined benefit pension plans covering certain terminated employees, vested employees, retirees, and some active employees (the “Pension Plans”). The Pension Plans are frozen and do not allow new entrants, however, they are under-funded and we may be required to make contributions in subsequent years in order to maintain required funding levels. Required future contributions could have an adverse impact on our cash flows and our financial results. Additional future contributions to the Pension Plans, financial market performance and Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) funding requirements could materially change these expected payments. 
 As part of the sale of our business in Europe, we have retained responsibility for the defined benefit plan covering certain employees in the United Kingdom. While the plan was in a net asset position at the end of 2018, changes in assumptions and actual experience could result in that plan being considered underfunded in the future. Additionally, we have agreed to make contributions to the plan as required by the trustees. Financial performance of the plan and future valuation assumptions could materially change the expected payments. In addition, as part of the sale transaction, the purchaser shall indemnify and hold us harmless in connection with any guarantees in place as of September 23, 2016, and given by us in respect of the liabilities or obligations of the European business. Further, if the purchaser wishes to terminate any such guarantee or cease to comply with any underlying obligation which is subject to such a guarantee, the purchaser shall obtain an unconditional and irrevocable release of the guarantee. However, we are contingently liable in the event of a breach by the purchaser of any such obligation. 
 In connection with OfficeMax’s sale of its paper, forest products and timberland assets in 2004, OfficeMax agreed to assume responsibility for certain liabilities of the businesses sold. These obligations include liabilities related to environmental, asbestos, health and safety, tax, litigation and employee benefit matters. Some of these retained liabilities could turn out to be significant, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our exposure to these liabilities could harm our ability to compete with other office products distributors who would not typically be subject to similar liabilities. 
 Changes in tax laws in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate can cause fluctuations in our overall tax rate impacting our reported earnings. 
 Our tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various domestic and international jurisdictions in which we operate. While we have disposed of the majority of our international businesses, we remain subject to international taxes in other businesses. Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax filing positions we take in these jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may fluctuate significantly from other companies or even our own past tax rates. In addition, changes in applicable U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability. At any given point in time, we base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate upon a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to us and to estimates of the amount of income likely to be generated in any given geography. The loss of or modification to one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, whether as a result of a third party challenge, negotiation, or otherwise, a change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in valuation allowances, or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in substantial volatility, including an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate and/or our effective tax rate. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks. 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings, which from time to time may involve class action lawsuits, state and federal governmental inquiries, audits and investigations, environmental matters, employment, tort, state false claims act, consumer litigation and intellectual property litigation. At times, such matters may involve directors and/or executive officers. Certain of these legal proceedings, including government investigations, may be a significant distraction to management and could expose our Company to significant liability, including settlement expenses, damages, fines, penalties, attorneys’ fees and costs, and non-monetary sanctions, including suspensions and debarments from doing business with certain government agencies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For a description of our legal proceedings, refer to Note 17, “Commitments and Contingencies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our international operations subject us to risks as foreign currency fluctuations, potential unfavorable foreign trade policies or unstable political and economic conditions. 
 We have operations in Canada, Mexico, India, Costa Rica and certain global sourcing operations in Asia. In fiscal year 2018, sales from our operations in Canada represented approximately 4% of our total sales, and sales from our operations in the other foreign countries represented less than 1% of our total sales in the aggregate. Sales from our operations in these countries are denominated in local currency, which must be translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes and therefore our consolidated earnings can be impacted by fluctuations in world currency markets. We are required to comply with laws and regulations in Canada, Mexico, India, Costa Rica and Asia that may differ substantially from country to country, requiring significant management attention and cost. 
 Table of Content 
 Changes in the regulatory environment and 
 violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws 
 may negatively impact our business. 
 We are subject to regulations relating to our corporate conduct and the conduct of our business, including securities laws, consumer protection laws, trade regulations, advertising regulations, privacy and cybersecurity laws, and wage and hour regulations and anti-corruption legislation. Certain jurisdictions have taken a particularly aggressive stance with respect to such matters and have implemented new initiatives and reforms, including more stringent regulations, disclosure and compliance requirements. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the Department of Justice and the SEC, increased enforcement activity by non-U.S. regulators and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. Our policies mandate compliance with all anti-bribery laws. However, we operate in certain countries that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption. Our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or third-party intermediaries. Violations of these anti-bribery laws may result in criminal or civil sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Increases in wage and benefit costs, changes in laws and other labor regulations could impact our financial results and cash flow. 
 Our expenses relating to employee labor, including employee health benefits, are significant. Our ability to control our employee and related labor costs is generally subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates, recent legislative and private sector initiatives regarding healthcare reform, and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. Unfavorable changes in employee and related labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and cash flow. 
 We have a large employee base and while our management believes that our employee relations are good, we cannot be assured that we will not experience organization efforts from labor unions. The potential for unionization could increase if federal legislation is passed that would facilitate labor organization. Significant union representation would require us to negotiate wages, salaries, benefits and other terms with many of our employees collectively and could adversely affect our results of operations by significantly increasing our labor costs or otherwise restricting our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. 
 Catastrophic events could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The risk or actual occurrence of various catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. Such events may be caused by, for example: 
 natural disasters or extreme weather events; 
 diseases or epidemics that may affect our employees, customers or partners; 
 floods, fire or other catastrophes affecting our properties; or 
 terrorism, civil unrest or other conflicts. 
 Such events can adversely affect our work force and prevent employees and customers from reaching our stores and properties and can disrupt or disable portions of our supply chain and distribution network.  They can also affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic events, we may endure interruption to our operations or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 Our failure to effectively manage our real estate portfolio may negatively impact our operating results. 
 Effective management of our real estate portfolio is critical to our omni-channel strategy. Most of our properties are subject to long term leases. As such, it is essential that we effectively evaluate a range of factors that may influence the success of our long term real estate strategy. Such factors include but are not limited to: 
 changing patterns of customer consumption and behavior, particularly in light of an evolving omni-channel environment; 
 the appropriate number of stores in our portfolio; 
 the formats and sizes of our stores; 
 Table of Content 
 the locations of our stores; 
 the interior layouts of our stores; 
 the trade area demographics and economic data of each of our stores; 
 the local competitive positioning in and around our stores; 
 the primary term lease commitment for each store; 
 the long-term lease option coverage for each store; 
 the occupancy cost of our stores relative to market rents; 
 our supply chain network strategy; and 
 our ongoing network of service locations. 
 If we fail to effectively evaluate these factors or negotiate appropriate terms or if unforeseen changes arise, the consequences could include, for example: 
 having to close stores and abandon the related assets, while retaining the financial commitments of the leases; 
 incurring significant costs to remodel or transform our stores; 
 having stores, supply chain or service locations that no longer meet the needs of our business; and 
 bearing excessive lease expenses. 
 These consequences could have a materially adverse impact on our profitability, cash flows and liquidity. 
 For leased property, the financial impact of exiting a location can vary greatly depending on, among other factors, the terms of the lease, the condition of the local real estate market, demand for the specific property, our relationship with the landlord and the availability of potential sub-lease tenants. It is difficult for us to influence some of these factors, and the costs of exiting a property can be significant. In addition to rent, we are still responsible for the maintenance, taxes, insurance and common area maintenance charges for vacant properties until the lease commitment expires or is terminated. Similarly, when we enter into a contract with a tenant to sub-lease property, we usually retain our obligations as the master lessor. This leaves us at risk for any remaining liability in the event of default by the sub-lease tenant. 
 There can be no assurance that we will pay cash dividends. 
 Decisions regarding dividends are within the discretion of the Board of Directors, and depend on a number of factors, including general business and economic conditions, our financial condition, operating results and restrictions imposed by our debt agreements, the emergence of alternative investment or acquisition opportunities, changes in business strategy and other factors. Changes in, or the elimination of dividends could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our common stock price has been and may continue to be subject to volatility, and shareholders could incur substantial losses of any investment in our common stock. 
 Our common stock price has experienced volatility over time and this volatility may continue, in part due to factors mentioned in this Item 1A. As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price. 
 Item 1B. Unr 
 esolved Staff Comments.