In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all businesses, important factors that are specific to our industry and our Company could materially impact our
future performance and results. We have provided below a list of risk factors that should be reviewed when considering investing in our securities. These are not all the risks we face, and other factors currently considered immaterial or unknown to
us may impact our future operations. 
 Declines in business and consumer spending could adversely affect our business and financial
performance. 
 Our operating results and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and their
impact on business and consumer spending. The decline in business and consumer spending resulting from the global recession has caused our comparable store sales to continue to decline from prior periods and we have experienced similar declines
in most of our other domestic and international businesses. Our business and financial performance may continue to be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions and the level of consumer debt and interest rates, which may cause a
continued or further decline in business and consumer spending. 
 Our business is highly competitive and failure to adequately differentiate ourselves or respond to
shifting consumer demands could adversely impact our financial performance. 
 The office products market is highly
competitive and we compete locally, domestically and internationally with office supply stores, including Staples and OfficeMax, wholesale clubs such as Costco and BJs, mass merchandisers such as Wal-Mart and Target, computer and electronics
superstores such as Best Buy, Internet-based companies such as Amazon.com, food and drug stores, discount stores, and direct marketing companies. Many competitors have also increased their presence by broadening their assortments or broadening from
retail into the delivery and e-commerce channels, while others have substantially greater financial resources to devote to sourcing, marketing and selling their products. Product pricing is also becoming ever more competitive, particularly among
competitors on the Internet. In order to achieve and maintain expected profitability levels, we must continue to grow by adding new customers and taking market share from competitors. In addition, consumers are utilizing more technology and
purchasing less paper, file storage and similar products. If we are unable to provide technology solutions and services that meet consumer needs or if we are unable to effectively compete, our sales and financial performance will be negatively
impacted. 
 If we are unable to successfully maintain a relevant multichannel experience for our customers, our results of operations
could be adversely affected. 
 With the increasing use of computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop
in our stores and online, we offer full and mobile versions of our website (www.officedepot.com) and applications for mobile phones and tablets. In addition, we are increasing the use of social media as a means of interacting with our customers and
enhancing their shopping experiences. Multichannel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with the changing expectations of our customers and new developments by our competitors. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or
contract third parties with the specialized skills needed to support our multichannel platforms, or are unable to implement improvements to our customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could
be adversely affected. In addition, if our web site and our other customer-facing technology systems do not function as designed, we may experience a loss of customer confidence and satisfaction, data security breaches, lost sales or be exposed to
fraudulent purchases, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 We do a significant amount of business
with government entities and loss of this business could negatively impact our results. 
 One of our largest U.S.
customer groups consists of various state and local governments, government agencies and non-profit organizations. Contracting with state and local governments is highly competitive, subject to federal and state procurement laws, requires more
restrictive contract terms and can be expensive and time-consuming. Bidding such contracts often requires that we incur significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will win a contract. Our ability to compete successfully for
and retain business with the federal and various state and local governments is highly dependent on cost-effective performance and is also sensitive to changes in national and international priorities and U.S., state and local government budgets,
which in the current economy continue to decrease. We service a substantial amount of government agency business through agreements with consortiums of governmental and non-profit entities. If we are unsuccessful in retaining these customers, or if
there is a significant reduction in sales under our large government contracts or if we lose these contracts, it could adversely impact our financial results. 
 If a significant number of our vendors demand accelerated payments or require cash on delivery, such demands could have an adverse impact on our operating cash flow and result in severe stress on
our liquidity. 
 We purchase products for resale under credit arrangements with our vendors and have been able to
negotiate payment terms that are approximately equal in length to the time it takes to sell the vendor’s products. When the global economy is experiencing weakness as it has over the last five years, vendors may seek credit insurance to protect
against non-payment of amounts due to them. If we continue to experience declining operating performance, and if we experience severe liquidity challenges, vendors may demand that we accelerate our payment for their products. Borrowings under our
existing credit facility could reach maximum levels under such circumstances, causing us to seek alternative liquidity measures, but we may not be able to meet our obligations as they become due until we secure such alternative measures. 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more
difficult for us to access funds, refinance indebtedness, obtain new funding or issue securities. 
 Historically, we have generated positive cash flow from operating activities and have had access to broad financial markets
that provide the liquidity we need to operate our business. Together, these sources have been used to fund operating and working capital needs, as well as invest in business expansion through new store openings, capital improvements and
acquisitions. Due to the downturn in the global economy, our operating results have declined. Further deterioration in our financial results could negatively impact our credit ratings, our liquidity and our access to the capital markets. Certain of
our existing indebtedness matures in 2013 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance all or a portion of that indebtedness. If we are able to refinance all or a portion of that indebtedness, there is no assurance that we will be
able to secure such refinancing on more favorable terms than the terms of our existing indebtedness 
 A default under our credit facility could significantly restrict our access to funding and adversely impact our operations. 
 Our asset based credit facility contains a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant that is operative only when borrowing availability is
below $125 million or prior to a restricted transaction, such as incurring additional indebtedness, acquisitions, dispositions, dividends, or share repurchases. The agreement also contains representations, warranties, affirmative and negative
covenants, and default provisions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit agreement, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts
outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders were to accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our asset based credit facility and our
other indebtedness. Also, should there be an event of default, or a need to obtain waivers following an event of default, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and/or more restrictive covenants in future periods. Acceleration of our
obligations under our credit facilities would permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations. 
 Loss of key personnel could have an adverse impact on our business 
 We depend on our executive management team and other key personnel, and the loss of certain personnel could result in the loss of
management continuity and institutional knowledge. We depend heavily upon our retail labor force to identify new customers and provide desired products and personalized customer service to existing customers. The market for qualified employees, with
the right talent and competencies, is highly competitive, and may subject us to increased labor costs during periods of low unemployment. The loss of the services of key employees or the inability to attract additional qualified managers may
adversely affect our ability to conduct operations in our stores in accordance with the standards that we have set. 
 We also
depend on our executive officers as well as other key personnel. Although certain members of our executive team have entered into agreements relating to their employment with us, most of our key personnel are not bound by employment agreements, and
those with employment or retention agreements are bound only for a limited period of time. If we are unable to retain our key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop and implement our business plans, which may have an adverse effect on
our business. 
 Disruption of global sourcing activities or our own brands quality concerns could negatively impact
brand reputation and earnings. 
 In recent years, we have substantially increased the number and
types of products that we sell under our own brands including Office Depot 
 and other proprietary brands.
Sources of supply may prove to be unreliable, or the quality of the globally sourced products may vary from our expectations and standards. Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source such products, as well as shipping and
dockage issues, could adversely impact the availability or cost of such products, or both. Moreover, as we seek indemnities from the manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of realization of any such indemnity and the lack of understanding
of U.S. product liability laws in certain parts of Asia make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or complaints from our customers. Most of our goods imported to the U.S. arrive from Asia through ports located on the U.S. west coast
and we are therefore subject to potential disruption due to labor unrest, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. 
 Changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate can cause fluctuations in our overall tax rate impacting our reported earnings. 
 Our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various domestic and international jurisdictions in
which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, and the tax filing positions we take in these jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may fluctuate significantly
from other companies or even our own past tax rates. At any given point in time, we base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate upon a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our Company and to estimates of the amount of income likely to
be generated in any given geography. The loss of one or more agreements with taxing jurisdictions, a change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in
tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks. 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings, which from time to time may involve class action lawsuits, state and federal governmental
inquiries, audits and investigations, employment, tort, consumer litigation and intellectual property litigation. At times, such matters may involve directors and/or executive officers. Certain of these legal proceedings, including government
investigations, may be a significant distraction to management and could expose our Company to significant liability, including damages, fines, penalties, attorneys’ fees and costs, and non-monetary sanctions, including suspensions and
debarments from doing business with certain government agencies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Failure to successfully manage our domestic and international business could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 
 Circumstances outside of our control could negatively impact anticipated store openings, joint ventures and franchise arrangements. We
cannot provide assurance that our new store openings, including some newly sized or formatted stores or retail concepts, will be successful. There may be unintended consequences of adding joint venture and franchising partners to the Office Depot
model, such as the potential for compromised operational control in certain countries and inconsistent international brand image. These joint venture and franchise arrangements may also add complexity to our processes and may require unanticipated
operational adjustments in the future that could adversely impact our operations and financial results. 
 We face such risks as foreign currency fluctuations, potential unfavorable foreign trade policies or
unstable political and economic conditions. 
 As of December 29, 2012, we sold to customers in 59 countries
throughout North America, Europe, Asia, Latin America, and Australia. We operate wholly-owned entities, majority-owned entities and participate in joint ventures and alliances globally. Sales from our operations outside the U.S. are denominated in
local currency, which must be translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes and therefore our consolidated earnings can be significantly impacted by fluctuations in world currency markets. We are required to comply with multiple foreign laws
and regulations that may differ substantially from country to country, requiring significant management attention and cost. In addition, the business cultures in certain areas of the world are different than those that prevail in the U.S., and we
may be at a competitive disadvantage against other companies that do not have to comply with standards of financial controls or business integrity that we are committed to maintaining as a U.S. publicly traded company. 
 Changes in the regulatory environment may increase our expenses and may negatively impact our business. 
 We are subject to regulatory matters relating to our corporate conduct and the conduct of our business, including securities laws,
consumer protection laws, advertising regulations, and wage and hour regulations. Certain jurisdictions have taken a particularly aggressive stance with respect to such matters and have implemented new initiatives and reforms, including more
stringent disclosure and compliance requirements. To the extent that we are subject to more challenging regulatory environments and enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, such exposure could have a material adverse effect on our business,
including the added cost of increased compliance measures that we may determine to be necessary. 
 Healthcare reform legislation could
adversely affect our future profitability and financial condition. 
 Rising healthcare costs and interest in universal
healthcare coverage in the United States have resulted in government and private sector initiatives proposing significant healthcare reforms. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, signed into law on March 23, 2010, is expected to
increase our annual employee health care costs, with the most significant increases commencing in 2014. We cannot predict the extent of the effect of this statute, or any future state or federal healthcare legislation or regulation, will have on us.
However, an expansion in government’s role in the U.S. healthcare industry could result in significant long-term costs to us, which could in turn adversely affect our future profitability and financial condition. 
 Increases in fuel and other commodity prices could have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
 We operate a large network of stores and delivery centers around the globe. As such, we purchase significant amounts of fuel needed to
transport products to our stores and customers as well as shipping costs to import products from overseas. While we may hedge our anticipated fuel purchases, the underlying commodity costs associated with this transport activity have been volatile
in recent years and disruptions in availability of fuel could cause our operating costs to rise significantly to the extent not covered by our hedges. Additionally, other commodity prices, such as paper, may increase and we may not be able to pass
along such costs to our customers. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of our energy and other commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Disruptions of our computer systems could adversely affect our operations. 
 We rely heavily on computer systems to process transactions, manage our inventory and supply-chain and to summarize and analyze our global business. Certain systems are at or near the end of life and need
to be replaced. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, or, if we do not replace or upgrade certain systems, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience an interruption of our normal business
activities or loss of critical data. We are undertaking certain system enhancements and conversions to increase productivity and efficiency, that, if not done properly, could divert the attention of our workforce during development and
implementation and constrain for some time our ability to provide the level of service our customers demand. Also, once implemented, the new systems and technology may not provide the intended efficiencies or anticipated benefits and could add costs
and complications to our ongoing operations. 
 A breach of our information technology systems could adversely affect our reputation, business partner
and customer relationships and operations and result in high costs. 
 Through our sales and marketing activities, we
collect and store certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our web site, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. This may include names, addresses,
phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, and payment account information. We also gather and retain information about our employees in the normal course of business. We may share information about such persons with vendors that assist
with certain aspects of our business. In addition, our online operations at 
 depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, such as information permitting cashless payments. 
 www.officedepot.com 
 We have instituted safeguards for the protection of such information. These security measures may be compromised as a result
of third party security breaches, burglaries, malfeasance, faulty password management, misappropriation of data by employees, vendors or unaffiliated third-parties, or other irregularity, and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our
data or accounts. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, we cannot be certain that all of our systems and those of our vendors and unaffiliated third-parties are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. We may
experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data. Moreover, an alleged or actual data security breach that affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of personal information could: 
 increase costs of doing business, 
 materially damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect customer satisfaction and loyalty, expose us to negative publicity, individual claims
or consumer class actions, administrative, civil or criminal investigations or actions, and infringe on proprietary information. 
 Our business could be disrupted due to weather related factors. 
 Our operations are heavily concentrated in the southern U.S. (including Florida and the Gulf Coast). As such, we may be more susceptible
than some of our competitors to the effects of tropical weather disturbances, such as hurricanes. In addition, winter storm conditions in areas that have a large concentration of our business activities could also result in lost retail sales, supply
chain constraints or other business disruptions. We believe that we have taken reasonable precautions to prepare for weather-related events, but our precautions may not be adequate to mitigate the adverse effect of such events in the future. 
 The unionization of a significant portion of our workforce could increase our overall costs and adversely affect our operations. 
 We have a large employee base and while our management believes that our employee relations are good, we cannot be
assured that we will not experience pressure from labor unions or become the target of campaigns similar to those faced by our competitors. The potential for unionization could increase if federal legislation is passed that would facilitate labor
organization. Significant union representation would require us to negotiate wages, salaries, benefits and other terms with many of our employees collectively and could adversely affect our results of operations by significantly increasing our labor
costs or otherwise restricting our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. 
 BC Partners’ significant ownership interest dilutes the interests of our common shareholders, may
discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company and grants important rights to BC Partners, Inc. 
 The
Series A and Series B Preferred Stock that we sold in June 2009 to funds advised by BC Partners, Inc. (the “Investors”) were immediately convertible into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price of $5.00 per share (subject
to a conversion cap). The investment equates to a potential current ownership interest of approximately 22%, assuming the full conversion of each series of preferred stock into the Company’s common stock. Any sales in the public market of the
shares of common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. 
 The
initial dividend rate remains 10% on both the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, and dividends are paid quarterly in cash or are added to the liquidation preference at our option and are subject to certain restrictions. To the extent that
dividends are added to the liquidation preference, this further increases the ownership interest of the Investors and dilutes the interests of the common shareholders. 
 The holders of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to vote with the holders of our common stock on an as-converted basis, subject to limitations imposed by New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) shareholder approval requirements. The Investors have agreed to cause all of their common stock and preferred stock entitled to vote at any meeting of our shareholders to be present at such meeting and to vote all such shares in
favor of any nominee or director nominated by the Company’s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, against the removal of any director nominated by such Committee and, with respect to any other business or proposal, in accordance with
the recommendation of the Board of Directors (other than with respect to the approval of any proposed business combination agreement between the Company and another entity). This may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company,
which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our Company. 
 We also entered into a related Investor Rights Agreement pursuant to which we granted certain rights to the Investors that may restrain our ability to take certain actions in the future. Subject to
certain exceptions, for so long as the Investors’ ownership percentage is equal to or greater than 10%, the approval of at least one of the directors designated to our Board of Directors by the Investors is required for the Company to incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of $200 million in the aggregate during any fiscal year if the ratio of the consolidated debt of the Company to the trailing four quarter adjusted EBITDA of the Company, on a consolidated basis, is more than
4x. In addition, for so long as the Investors’ ownership percentage is (i) equal to or greater than 15%, the Investors are entitled to nominate three directors, (ii) less than 15% but more than 10%, two directors and (iii) less
than 10% but more than 5%, one director. There can be no assurance that the interests of the Investors are aligned with those of our other shareholders. Investor interests can differ from each other and from other corporate interests and it is
possible that the Investors may have interests that differ from management and those of other shareholders. If the Investors were to sell, or otherwise transfer, all or a large percentage of their holdings, our stock price could decline and we could
find it difficult to raise capital, if needed, through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 We have incurred significant impairment charges and we continue to incur significant impairment
charges. 
 During 2012, we recognized non-cash asset impairment charges in our North American Retail Division of
approximately $123.4 million. These charges reflect greater than anticipated downturns in sales at certain lower performing stores. We recognized store asset impairment charges in the North American Retail Division of $11 million during 2011.
We assess past performance and make estimates and projections of future performance quarterly at an individual store level. Reduced sales, our shift in strategy to be less promotional, as well as competitive factors and changes in consumer spending
habits resulted in a downward adjustment of anticipated future cash flows for the individual stores that resulted in the impairment. We foresee challenges in the market and economy that could adversely impact our operations. To the extent that
forward-looking sales and operating assumptions are not achieved and are subsequently reduced, or if we commit to a more aggressive store downsizing strategy, including allocating capital to further modify store formats, additional impairment
charges may result. Additionally, the Company has $64.3 million of goodwill at December 29, 2012, with $44.9 million in the International Division. We measure goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or earlier if indicators of
possible impairment are identified. Changes in the numerous variables associated with the judgments, assumptions and estimates we make, in assessing the appropriate valuation of our goodwill, including changes resulting from macroeconomic challenges
in international markets, or disposition of components within reporting units, could in the future require a reduction of goodwill and recognition of related non-cash impairment charges. If we were required to further impair our store assets or our
goodwill, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Provisions in our stockholder rights plan
may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us. 
 We have adopted a stockholder rights plan that could make
it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from acquiring, our Company or a large block of our common stock. A third party that acquires 15% or more of our common stock could suffer substantial dilution of its
ownership interest under the terms of the stockholder rights plan through the issuance of common stock or common stock equivalents to all stockholders other than the acquiring person. 
 Disclaimer of Obligation to Update 
 We assume no obligation (and
specifically disclaim any such obligation) to update these Risk Factors or any other forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or other factors affecting such forward-looking
statements.