Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to certain risk factors that could have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.  The risks described below are not the only risks our Company faces.  Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods. 
 Risks Relating to Current Economic Conditions 
 Unfavorable changes in financial markets could adversely affect pension plan investments resulting in material funding requirements to meet our pension obligations. 
 Our pension plans have investments in marketable securities, including marketable debt and equity securities, whose values are exposed to changes in the financial markets.  We expect that we will continue to make future cash contributions to the plans, the amount and timing of which will depend on various factors including the finalization of funding regulations, future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and changes in demographics of the population participating in the Company’s qualified pension plan.  Returns generated on plan assets have historically funded a large portion of the benefits paid under these plans.  Sustained returns below the estimated long-term rate of return could significantly increase our contribution requirements, which could adversely affect cash flows from operations. 
 Weak economic conditions in our service areas could cause us to lose subscriber connections and revenues. 
 Substantially all of our customers and operations are located in Illinois, Pennsylvania and Texas.  Our customer base is small and geographically concentrated, particularly for residential customers.  Because of our geographic focus, the successful operation and growth of our business depends primarily on economic conditions in the service areas of our rural telephone companies.  The economies of these areas, in turn, are dependent upon many factors, including: 
 Demographic trends; 
 In Illinois, the strength of the agricultural markets and the light manufacturing and services industries, continued demand from universities and hospitals, and the level of government spending; 
 In Pennsylvania, the strength of small- to medium-sized businesses, healthcare and education spending; and 
 In Texas, the strength of the manufacturing, healthcare, waste management, and retail industries and continued demand from schools and hospitals. 
 Downturns in the economic conditions in the markets we serve could cause our existing customers to reduce their purchases of our services and make it difficult for us to obtain new customers which could negatively impact local access lines and revenues. 
 Risks Relating to Dividends 
 This section discusses reasons why we may be unable to pay dividends at our historic levels, or at all. 
 Our Board of Directors could, in its discretion, depart from or change our dividend policy at any time. 
 We are not required to pay dividends and our stockholders do not have contractual or other rights to receive them.  Our Board of Directors may decide at any time, in its discretion, to decrease the amount of dividends, change or revoke the dividend policy, or discontinue paying dividends entirely.  If we do not pay dividends, for whatever reason, shares of our common stock could become less liquid and the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 Our ability to pay dividends, and our Board of Directors’ determination to maintain our dividend policy, will depend on numerous factors, including: 
 The state of our business, the environment in which we operate, and the various risks we face, including competition, technological change, changes in our industry, and regulatory and other risks summarized in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 
 Changes in the factors, assumptions, and other considerations made by our Board of Directors in reviewing and adopting the dividend policy, as described under “Dividend Policy and Restrictions” in Part II - Item 5 of this Annual Report; 
 Our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity needs and capital resources; 
 Our expected cash needs, including for interest and any future principal payments on indebtedness, capital expenditures, taxes, and pension and other postretirement contributions; and 
 Potential sources of liquidity, including borrowing under our revolving credit facility or possible asset sales. 
 We might not have sufficient cash to maintain current dividend levels. 
 While our estimated cash available to pay dividends for the year ended December 31, 2011 was sufficient to pay dividends in accordance with our dividend policy, if our future estimated cash available were to fall below our expectations, or if our assumptions as to estimated cash needs prove incorrect, we may need to: 
 Reduce or eliminate dividends; 
 Fund dividends by incurring additional debt (to the extent we are permitted to do so under the agreements governing our then-existing debt), which would increase our leverage, debt repayment obligations, and interest expense, decrease our interest coverage, and reduce our capacity to incur debt for other purposes, including to fund future dividend payments; 
 Amend the terms of our credit agreement, if our lenders agree, to permit us to pay dividends or make other payments the agreement would otherwise restrict; 
 Fund dividends by issuing equity securities, which could be dilutive to our stockholders and negatively affect the price of our common stock; 
 Fund dividends from other sources, such as by asset sales or working capital, which would leave us with less cash available for other purposes; and 
 Reduce other expected uses of cash, such as capital expenditures. 
 Over time, our capital and other cash needs will invariably be subject to uncertainties, which could affect whether we pay dividends and at what level.  In addition, if we seek to raise additional cash by incurring debt or issuing equity securities, we cannot assure that such financing will be available on reasonable terms or at all.  Each of the possibilities listed above could negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and ability to maintain and expand our business. 
 Because we are a holding company with no operations, we can only pay dividends if our subsidiaries transfer funds to us. 
 As a holding company, we have no direct operations, and our principal assets are the equity interests we hold in our subsidiaries.  However, our subsidiaries are legally distinct and have no obligation to transfer funds to us.  As a result, we are dependent on our subsidiaries’ results of operations, existing and future debt agreements, governing state law and regulatory requirements, and the ability to transfer funds to us to meet our obligations and to pay dividends. 
 Restrictions in our debt agreements or applicable state legal and regulatory requirements may prevent us from paying dividends. 
 Our ability to pay dividends will be restricted by current and future agreements governing our debt, including our credit agreement, as well as the corporate law and regulatory requirements in several states. 
 Based on the results of operations from October 1, 2005, through December 31, 2011, we would have been able to pay a dividend of $183.4 million under the restricted payment covenants in our credit agreement.  After giving effect to the dividend of $11.6 million, which was declared in November 2011 and paid in February 2012, we could pay a dividend of $171.8 million under the credit facility. 
 Under Delaware law, our Board of Directors may not authorize a dividend unless it is paid out of our surplus (calculated in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation law), or, if we do not have a surplus, it is paid out of our net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and the preceding fiscal year.  Statutes governing Illinois and Pennsylvania corporations impose similar limitations on the ability of our subsidiaries that are incorporated in those states to declare and pay dividends. 
 State regulators could require our rural telephone companies to make capital expenditures and could limit the amount of cash those entities may lawfully transfer to us.  For example, the ICC imposed various conditions on its approval of the reorganization consummated in connection with our initial public offering.  Those conditions prohibit our subsidiary, ICTC, from paying dividends or making other cash transfers to us if ICTC failed to meet or exceed agreed-upon benchmarks for a majority of seven service quality metrics for the prior reporting year.  In addition, ICTC must have access to the higher of $5.0 million or its currently approved capital expenditure budget for each calendar year through a combination of available cash and amounts available under credit facilities. In addition, the Illinois Public Utilities Act prohibits ICTC from paying dividends, except out of earnings and earned surplus, if ICTC’s capital is or would become impaired by the payment, or if payment of the dividend would impair ICTC’s ability to render reasonable and adequate service at reasonable rates, unless the ICC otherwise finds that the public interest requires payment of the dividend, subject to any conditions that regulator may impose. 
 The PAPUC has placed debt and transaction cost recovery restrictions for a three-year period that could have an impact to the payment of dividends. 
 If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
 We carry significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets on our books as a result of previous acquisitions.  Under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”), we review our goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.  Goodwill and other intangible assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually.  Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets that have infinite useful lives may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, future cash flows and slower or declining growth rates.  We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets is determined, resulting in an impact to our results of operations and stockholders’ equity. 
 Our estimated tax payments related to our federal income tax liability will likely increase in 2012 and remain higher in the future as we have utilized the majority of our federal net operating losses and may not be allowed bonus depreciation in future years, which may reduce the amount of cash available to pay dividends. 
 Under the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”), a corporation that incurs losses in excess of taxable income (known as a “net operating loss,” or “NOL”) generally may carry the loss back or forward and use it to offset taxable income in a different period.  We have utilized the majority of our federal net operating losses (net of valuation allowances) and the $2.7 million balance that we have remaining is restricted by IRC to a utilization of $0.2 million a year through 2024.  Since the majority of our NOLs have been used or have expired, we will be required to pay additional cash income taxes.  Also, tax laws effect the cash payments for income taxes.  The Internal Revenue Service has elected to allow accelerated or bonus depreciation of 100% in 2010 and 2011 and 50% bonus depreciation in 2012.  With the reduction of bonus depreciation in 2012 and elimination of any bonus depreciation in future years we will be required to pay additional cash income taxes.  The increase in our cash income tax liability may reduce the amount of cash available to pay dividends and could require us to reduce the amount of dividends we pay in the future. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 If we continue to pay dividends at the level currently anticipated under our dividend policy, our ability to pursue growth opportunities may be limited. 
 We believe that our dividend policy could limit, but not preclude, our ability to grow.  If we continue paying dividends at the level currently anticipated, we may not retain a sufficient amount of cash to fund a material expansion of our business, including any acquisitions or growth opportunities requiring significant and unexpected capital expenditures.  For that reason, our ability to pursue any material expansion of our business may depend on our ability to obtain third-party financing.  We cannot guarantee that such financing will be available to us on reasonable terms or at all, particularly in the current economic environment. 
 Our organizational documents could limit or delay another party’s ability to acquire us and, therefore, could deprive our investors of a possible takeover premium for their shares. 
 A number of provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws will make it difficult for another company to acquire us. Among other things, these provisions: 
 Divide our Board of Directors into three classes, which results in roughly one-third of our directors being elected each year; 
 Provide that directors may only be removed for cause and then only upon the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds or more of the voting power of our outstanding common stock; 
 Require the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds or more of the voting power of our outstanding common stock to amend, alter, change, or repeal specified provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 
 Require stockholders to provide us with advance notice if they wish to nominate any candidates for election to our Board of Directors or if they intend to propose any matters for consideration at an annual stockholders meeting; and 
 Authorize the issuance of so-called “blank check” preferred stock without stockholder approval upon such terms as the Board of Directors may determine. 
 We also are subject to laws that may have a similar effect.  For example, federal, Illinois, and Pennsylvania telecommunications laws and regulations generally prohibit a direct or indirect transfer of control over our business without prior regulatory approval.  Similarly, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law restricts our ability to engage in a business combination with an “interested stockholder”.  These laws and regulations make it difficult for another company to acquire us, and therefore could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.  In addition, the rights of our common stockholders will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any class or series of preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Our Capital Structure 
 We have a substantial amount of debt outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could restrict our ability to pay dividends 
 and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures 
 As of December 31, 2011, we had $880.0 million of long-term debt and $4.7 million of capital leases outstanding along with $47.8 million of stockholders’ equity.  This amount of leverage could have important consequences, including: 
 We may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments on our debt, which will reduce funds available for operations, future business opportunities and dividends; 
 We may have limited flexibility to react to changes in our business and our industry; 
 It may be more difficult for us to satisfy our other obligations; 
 We may have a limited ability to borrow additional funds or to sell assets to raise funds if needed for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other purposes; 
 We may become more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in interest rates; and 
 We may be at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. 
 We currently expect our cash interest expense to be approximately $44.0 million to $46.0 million in 2012.  We cannot guarantee that we will generate sufficient revenues to service our debt and have 
 adequate funds left over to achieve or sustain profitability in our operations, meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs, compete successfully in our markets, or pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 If we cannot generate sufficient cash from our operations to meet our debt service obligations, we may need to reduce or delay capital expenditures, the development of our business generally and any acquisitions.  If we became unable to meet our debt service and repayment obligations, we would be in default under the terms of our credit agreement, which would allow our lenders to declare all outstanding borrowings to be due and payable.  If the amounts outstanding under our credit facilities were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the money owed. 
 As of December 31, 2011, our credit agreement would have permitted us to incur approximately $133.2 million of additional debt.  However, additional debt would exacerbate the risks described above. 
 Our credit agreement contains covenants that limit management’s discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from capitalizing on opportunities and taking other corporate actions. 
 Among other things, our credit agreement limits or restricts our ability (and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries) to: 
 Incur additional debt and issue preferred stock; 
 Make restricted payments, including paying dividends on, redeeming, repurchasing, or retiring our capital stock; 
 Make investments and prepay or redeem debt; 
 Enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, make loans, or transfer assets to us; 
 Create liens; 
 Sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; 
 Engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 Engage in sale and leaseback transactions; 
 Make capital expenditures; 
 Engage in a business other than telecommunications; and 
 Consolidate or merge. 
 In addition, our credit agreement requires us to comply with specified financial ratios, including ratios regarding total leverage and interest coverage.  Our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control.  These restrictions limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, meet capital needs, or otherwise constrain our activities or business plans.  They also may adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, enter into acquisitions, or engage in other business activities that would be in our interest. 
 A breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreement, or in any future credit agreement, or our inability to comply with the financial ratios could result in an event of default, which would allow the lenders to declare all borrowings outstanding to be due and payable.  If the amounts outstanding under our credit facilities were to be accelerated, we cannot assure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the money owed.  In such a situation, the lenders could foreclose on the assets and capital stock pledged to them. 
 We may not be able to refinance our existing debt if necessary, or we may only be able to do so at a higher interest expense 
 In 2011 we amended and extended $409.1 million or 46.5% of our credit facility.  The new amended and extended balance of the credit facility matures in 2017.  The remaining $470.9 million or 53.5% of the original credit facility matures in 2014.  We do not expect earnings to be sufficient by 2014 to allow repayment of the maturing facility, and we may not be able to refinance those loans.  Alternatively, any renewal or refinancing may occur on less favorable terms.  If we are unable to refinance or renew our credit facilities, our failure to repay all amounts due on the maturity dates would cause a default under the credit agreement.  If we refinance our credit facilities on terms that are less favorable to us than the terms of our existing debt, our interest expense may increase significantly, which could impair our ability to use our funds for other purposes, such as to pay dividends. 
 Effective February 17, 2012 in connection with the acquisition financing for the SureWest transaction, we amended our credit facility.  The amendment provides us with the ability to escrow proceeds from a high-yield note offering prior to closing the acquisition and, until closing, excludes the debt from current leverage calculations.  The amendment also permits us additional flexibility for future high yield notes issuances with the same subsidiary guarantees as the current credit facility.  All other terms, coverage, and leverage ratios were unchanged.  See Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Facilities”. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 The telecommunications industry is constantly changing and competition is intense. 
 The telecommunications industry has been, and we believe will continue to be, characterized by several trends, including: 
 Intense competition within established markets from providers that may offer competing or alternative services; 
 The blurring of traditional dividing lines between, and the bundling of, different services, such as local dial tone, long-distance, wireless, cable, and data, Internet and video services; and 
 A continuation of the trend for mergers and strategic alliances that allow one telecommunications provider to offer increased services or access to wider geographic markets. 
 We expect competition to remain intense as a result of existing and new competitors and the development of new technologies, products and services.  Consequently, we may need to spend significantly more in capital expenditures than we currently anticipate to keep existing customers and to attract new ones. 
 Many of our voice and data competitors, such as cable providers, Internet access providers, wireless service providers, and long-distance carriers, have substantially larger operational and financial resources, own larger and more diverse networks, are subject to less regulation and have superior brand recognition.  In addition, due to consolidation and strategic alliances within the industry, we cannot predict the number of competitors we will face at any given time.  Competition could adversely affect us in several ways including the loss of customers and resulting revenue and market share, the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting to less profitable services, our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to remain competitive and our inability to diversify by successfully offering new products or services. 
 The use of new technologies by other companies may increase our costs and cause us to lose customers and revenues. 
 The telecommunications industry is subject to rapid and significant changes in technology, frequent new service introductions and evolving industry standards.  Technological developments may make our services less competitive.  We may need to respond by making unbudgeted upgrades or significant capital expenditures or by developing additional services, which could be expensive and time consuming.  If we fail to respond successfully to technological changes or obsolescence, or fail to make use of important new technologies, we could lose customers and revenues and be limited in our ability to attract new customers.  The successful development of new services, which is an element of our business strategy, is uncertain and dependent on many factors, and we may not generate anticipated revenues from such services, which would reduce our profitability.  We cannot predict the effect of these changes on our competitive position, costs, or profitability. 
 In addition, we expect that an increasing amount of our revenues will come from providing DSL, VOIP and IPTV services.  The market for high-speed Internet access is still developing, and we expect current competitors and new market entrants to introduce competing services and to develop new technologies.  Likewise, the ability to deliver high-quality video service over traditional telephone lines is a recent advance that is still developing.  The markets for these services could fail to develop, grow more slowly than anticipated, or become saturated with competitors with superior pricing or services.  In addition, federal or state regulators may expand their control over DSL, VOIP service and IPTV offerings.  We cannot predict the outcome of these regulatory developments or how they may affect our obligations or the form of competition for these services.  As a result, we could have higher costs and capital expenditures, lower revenues, and greater competition than expected for DSL, VOIP and IPTV services. 
 A system failure could cause delays or interruptions of service, which could cause us to lose customers. 
 We have in the past experienced short, localized disruptions in our service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement weather and service failures by our third-party service providers.  To be successful, we need to continue to provide our customers reliable service over our network.  The principal risks to our network and infrastructure include physical damage to our central offices or local access lines, power surges or outages, software defects and other disruptions beyond our control. 
 Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers and incur unexpected expenses. 
 We are dependent on third-party vendors for our information, billing, and network systems, as well as IPTV service. 
 Sophisticated information and billing systems are vital to our ability to monitor and control costs, bill customers, process orders, provide customer service and achieve operating efficiencies.  We currently rely on internal systems and third-party vendors to provide all of our information and processing systems, as well as applications that support our IP services, including IPTV.  Some of our billing, customer service and management information systems have been developed for us by third parties and may not perform as anticipated.  In addition, our plans for developing and implementing our information systems, billing systems, network systems and IPTV service rely primarily on the delivery of products and services by third-party vendors.  Our right to use these systems is dependent upon license agreements, some of which can be cancelled by the vendor.  If a vendor cancels or refuses to renew one of these agreements, our operations may be impaired.  If we need to switch vendors, the transition could be costly and affect operating efficiencies. 
 The State of Illinois is a significant customer, and our contracts with the state are favorable to the government. 
 In 2011, 2010 and 2009, 73.1%, 63.0% and 45.4%, respectively, of our Other Operations revenues were derived from our relationships with various agencies of the State of Illinois—principally the Department of Corrections through our Prison Services business (the sharp increase in the percentage of revenue generated from our relationship with the State of Illinois for our Other Operation segment in 2010 and 2011 is the result of the loss of other revenue previously included in this operating segment due to the sale of our CMR and Operator Services business units in 2010). 
 Our relationship with the Illinois Department of Corrections accounted for 90.7%, 91.8% and 91.2% of our Prison Services revenues during 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  Our relationship (initially through our predecessor) with the Illinois Department of Corrections has continued uninterrupted since 1990, despite changes in government administrations.  Nevertheless, obtaining contracts from government agencies is challenging, and government contracts often include provisions that are favorable to the government in ways that are not standard in private commercial transactions. Specifically, each of our contracts with the State of Illinois: 
 Permits the applicable state agency to terminate the contract without cause and without penalty under some circumstances; 
 Has renewal provisions that require decisions of state agencies that are subject to political influence; 
 Gives the State of Illinois the right to renew the contract at its option but does not give us the same right; and 
 Could be cancelled if state funding becomes unavailable. 
 The failure of the State of Illinois to perform under the existing agreements for any reason, or to renew the agreements when they expire, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. 
 We have employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements and could be adversely affected by labor disputes. 
 At December 31, 2011, approximately 50% of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements.  These employees are hourly workers located in all of our service territories and are represented by various unions and locals.  Our collective bargaining agreement with CWA for our Pennsylvania ILEC expired on September 30, 2011.  Employees continue to work without a contract and we remain in negotiations with the CWA on a new collective bargaining agreement.  All the other existing collective bargaining agreements expire between 2012 through 2014.  While we believe our relations with the unions representing these employees are good, any protracted labor disputes or labor disruptions by any of our employees could have a significant negative effect on our financial results and operations. 
 If we cannot obtain and maintain necessary rights-of-way for our network, our operations may be interrupted and we would likely face increased costs. 
 We need to obtain and maintain the necessary rights-of-way for our network from governmental and quasi-governmental entities and third parties, such as railroads, utilities, state highway authorities, local governments and transit authorities.  We may not be successful in obtaining and maintaining these rights-of-way or obtaining them on acceptable terms.  Some agreements relating to rights-of-way may be 
 short-term or revocable at will, and we cannot be certain that we will continue to have access to existing rights-of-way after the governing agreements are terminated or expire.  If any of our right-of-way agreements were terminated or could not be renewed, we may be forced to remove our network facilities from the affected areas, relocate or abandon our networks.  This would interrupt our operations and force us to find alternative rights-of-way and make unexpected capital expenditures.  In addition, our failure to maintain the necessary rights-of-way, franchises, easements, licenses and permits may result in an event of default under our credit agreement. 
 We depend on certain key management personnel, and need to continue to attract and retain highly qualified management and other personnel in the future. 
 Our success depends upon the talents and efforts of key management personnel, many of whom have been with our company and in our industry for decades.  The loss of any of these individuals, due to retirement or otherwise, and the inability to attract and retain highly qualified technical and management personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Future acquisitions could be expensive and may not be successful. 
 Our acquisition strategy entails numerous risks.  The pursuit of acquisition candidates could be expensive and may not be successful.  Our ability to complete future acquisitions will depend on whether we can identify suitable acquisition candidates, negotiate acceptable terms, and, if necessary, finance those acquisitions.  We may be competing in these endeavors with other parties, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do.  Whether any particular acquisition is closed successfully, the pursuit of an acquisition would likely require considerable time and effort from management, which would detract from their ability to run our current business.  We may face unexpected challenges in receiving any required approvals from the applicable regulator(s), which could delay or prevent an acquisition. 
 If we are successful in closing an acquisition, we would face several risks in integrating the acquired business.  For example, we may face unexpected difficulties entering markets in which we have little or no direct prior experience or generating expected revenue and cash flow from the acquired company or assets.  We have in the past incurred significant integration and restructuring costs associated with acquisitions we have completed.  Although we would expect to realize efficiencies from the integration of businesses that will offset the incremental transaction, integration and restructuring costs over time, there can be no assurances that we would achieve such efficiencies to offset any expenses. 
 Any of these potential problems could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to achieve sufficient cash flow, provide adequate working capital, service and repay our indebtedness, and pay dividends. 
 Risks Relating to Our Agreement to Acquire SureWest 
 The integration of the Company and SureWest following the merger may present significant challenges. 
 We may face significant challenges in combining SureWest’s operations into our operations in a timely and efficient manner and in retaining key SureWest personnel. The failure to integrate successfully the Company and SureWest and to manage successfully the challenges presented by the integration process may result in our not achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger, including operational and financial synergies. 
 We will have a substantial additional amount of debt outstanding after completing the merger, and may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could restrict our ability to pay dividends and have other consequences. 
 We have a significant amount of debt outstanding, and the amount will be higher after consummation of the merger. The amount of our indebtedness could have important consequences, including those identified in this Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 under the caption “Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Our Capital Structure”. 
 Obtaining required approvals and satisfying closing conditions may delay or prevent completion of the merger. 
 Obtaining required approvals and satisfying closing conditions may delay or prevent completion of the merger. 
 Completion of the merger is conditioned upon SureWest’s shareholders approving, at a special meeting, the merger and our stockholders approving, at the annual meeting, the issuance of the common stock to SureWest shareholders in the merger.  If the shareholders of SureWest or the stockholders of Consolidated do not approve these matters at their respective meetings to be held after the joint proxy statement/prospectus related to the merger is effective, the merger will not be consummated. 
 Completion of the merger is also conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental consents and approvals, including approval by the Federal Communications Commission and the California Public Utilities Commission. These consents and approvals may impose conditions on us or SureWest. Such conditions may jeopardize or delay completion of the merger or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger. Further, no assurance can be given that the required consents and approvals will be obtained or that the required conditions to closing will be satisfied. Even if all such consents and approvals are obtained, no assurance can be given as to the terms, conditions and timing of the consents and approvals or that they will satisfy the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger. 
 Whether or not the merger is completed, we will incur transaction, integration and restructuring costs in connection with the proposed merger. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the proposed merger, including fees of our attorneys, accountants and financial advisors. If the merger is consummated, we and SureWest expect to incur additional costs associated with transaction fees and other costs related to the merger. We will incur integration and restructuring costs following the completion of the merger as we integrate the businesses of SureWest with those of the Company. Although we expect that the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset incremental transaction, integration and restructuring costs over time, we cannot give any assurance that this net benefit will be achieved in the near term. 
 Whether or not the merger is completed, the pendency of the transaction could cause disruptions in our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 These disruptions could include the following: 
 Current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company, which might adversely affect SureWest’s and our ability to retain or attract key managers and other employees. 
 Current and prospective customers of SureWest or the Company may experience variations in levels of services as the companies prepare for integration and may, as a result, choose to discontinue their service with either company or choose another provider. 
 The attention of management of each of SureWest and the Company may be diverted from the operation of the businesses toward the completion of the merger. 
 Regulatory Risks 
 The telecommunications industry is subject to extensive regulation that could change in a manner adverse to us. 
 Our main sources of revenues are our local telephone businesses in Illinois, Pennsylvania and Texas.  The laws and regulations governing these businesses may be, and in some cases have been, challenged in the courts, and could be changed by Congress, state legislatures, or regulators.  In addition, federal or state authorities could impose new regulations that increase our operating costs or capital requirements or that are otherwise adverse to us.  We cannot predict future developments or changes to the regulatory environment or the impact such developments or changes may have on us. 
 Legislative or regulatory changes could reduce or eliminate the revenues our rural telephone companies receive from network access charges. 
 A significant portion of our ILECs’ revenues come from network access charges paid by long-distance and other carriers for using our local telephone facilities to originate or terminate long-distance calls in our service areas.  The amount of network access charge revenues that our ILECs receive is based on interstate rates set by the FCC and intrastate rates set by state regulators.  The FCC has reformed, and continues to reform, the federal network access system. 
 The FCC order released November 18, 2011 addresses comprehensive reform of all access charges, state and interstate, as well as a complete overhaul of the universal service high cost program.  The full impact of the comprehensive order is not known at this time, and the FCC through various regulatory processes could have material changes to its initial order.  In addition, there are several companies, state commissions and associations that have filed an appeal of the order, including Consolidated.  It is unclear at this time what impact, if an, there would be from any of these processes. 
 Our Pennsylvania rural telephone company is an average schedule rate of return company, which means its interstate access revenues are based upon a statistical formula developed by NECA and approved by the FCC, rather than upon its actual costs.  The formulas are reviewed by NECA and the FCC annually and there could be changes to the formulas in the future, which could have an impact on our revenues.  Illinois law now prohibits our Illinois ILEC from charging intrastate access rates higher than its interstate access rates, regardless of our costs. 
 Legislative or regulatory changes could reduce or eliminate the government subsidies we receive. 
 The federal and state systems of subsidies, which constitute a significant portion of our revenues, may be modified.  On November 18, 2011 the FCC released its comprehensive order on intercarrier compensation and universal service reform.  See Part I - Item 1- “Business — Regulatory Environment — FCC Access Charge and Universal Service Reform Order.”  The PUCT has initiated proceedings to review the state high cost funds for large and small carriers.  The proceedings will take a comprehensive review of high cost funds and provide recommended changes to the legislature. 
 During the last three years, the FCC has modified the Federal Universal Service Fund system to change the sources of support and the method for determining the level of support that will be distributed.  The FCC is considering proposals for additional changes to the Federal Universal Service Fund.  These issues may become the subject of legislative amendments to the Telecommunications Act.  In addition, the Pennsylvania PUC has a proceeding to review its state universal service fund program.  As part of the proceeding, the PAPUC could attempt to override the current Pennsylvania statute 183 which provides for revenue offsets for any reduction to intrastate access. 
 If our rural telephone companies do not continue to receive federal and state subsidies, or if these subsidies are reduced, these subsidiaries likely will have lower revenues and may not be able to operate as profitably as they have in the past. 
 Proposed access and universal service reforms could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 
 When the FCC issued its National Broadband Plan on March 16, 2010, it included proposals for comprehensive reform in the areas of access and universal service regimes, the treatment of VOIP traffic, broadband services and net neutrality, all of which could have an adverse impact on our revenues.  The FCC issued an order on net neutrality on December 23, 2010 implementing three core principles: 1) Transparency - all broadband Internet providers must disclose network management practices, performance characteristics and commercial terms of service; 2) No Blocking - fixed broadband providers may not block lawful content, applications or services or the attachment of non-harmful devices; and 3) Nondiscrimination - fixed broadband providers may not engage in unreasonable discrimination in transmitting lawful network traffic.  Verizon filed a lawsuit on January 20, 2011 to reverse the FCC decision.  The court has not ruled on this lawsuit as of this date and there is no timeline on when the court will rule. 
 The high costs of regulatory compliance could make it more difficult for us to enter new markets, make acquisitions, or change our prices. 
 Regulatory compliance is a significant expense for us and diverts the time and effort of management and our officers away from running the business.  In addition, because regulations differ from state to state, it would be expensive to introduce services in states where we do not currently operate and understand the regulatory requirements.  Compliance costs and information barriers could make it difficult and time-consuming to enter new markets or to evaluate and compete to acquire local access lines or businesses as they arise. 
 Our intrastate services generally are subject to certification, tariff filing and other ongoing state regulatory requirements.  Challenges to our tariffs by regulators or third parties, or delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals, could cause us to incur substantial legal and administrative expenses.  Moreover, successful challenges could adversely affect the rates that we are able to charge to customers, which would negatively affect our revenues.  Some states also require advance regulatory approval of mergers, acquisitions, transfers of control, stock issuance, and certain types of debt financing, which can increase our costs and delay strategic transactions. 
 Legislative and regulatory changes in the telecommunications industry could raise our costs and reduce potential revenues. 
 Currently, there is only a small body of law and regulation applicable to access to, or commerce on, the Internet.  As Internet usage continues to grow, governments at all levels may adopt new rules and regulations or find new ways to apply existing laws and regulations.  The FCC currently is reviewing the appropriate regulatory framework governing broadband consumer protections for high-speed Internet 
 Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2.  Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters and most of the administrative offices for our Telephone Operations are located in Mattoon, Illinois. 
 We lease properties pursuant to agreements that expire at various times between 2012 and 2030.  The following chart summarizes the principal facilities owned or leased by us as of December 31, 2011. 
 access through telephone and cable providers’ communications networks.  The outcome of these proceedings may affect our regulatory obligations and costs and competition for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. 
 We are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, natural resources, and worker health and safety. 
 Our operations and properties are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, natural resources, and worker health and safety, including laws and regulations governing and creating liability in connection with the management, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials, asbestos and petroleum products.  We also are subject to laws and regulations governing air emissions from our fleets of vehicles.  As a result, we face several risks, including: 
 Hazardous materials may have been released at properties that we currently own or formerly owned (perhaps through our predecessors).  Under certain environmental laws, we could be held liable, without regard to fault, for the costs of investigating and remediating any actual or threatened contamination at these properties and for contamination associated with disposal by us or our predecessors of hazardous materials at third-party disposal sites. 
 We could incur substantial costs in the future if we acquire businesses or properties subject to environmental requirements or affected by environmental contamination.  In particular, environmental laws regulating wetlands, endangered species, and other land use and natural resource issues may increase costs associated with future business or expansion opportunities or delay, alter, or interfere with such plans. 
 The presence of contamination can adversely affect the value of our properties and make it difficult to sell any affected property or to use it as collateral. 
 We could be held responsible for third-party property damage claims, personal injury claims, or natural resource damage claims relating to contamination found at any of our current or past properties. 
 The cost of complying with environmental requirements could be significant.  Similarly, the adoption of new environmental laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their interpretations could result in significant compliance costs or unanticipated environmental liabilities.