Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Risks Relating to Current Economic Conditions 
 Unfavorable changes in financial markets could adversely affect pension plan investments resulting in material funding requirements to meet our pension obligations. 
 We expect that we will continue to make future cash contributions to our pension plans, the amount and timing of which will depend on various factors including funding regulations, future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and changes in participant demographics.  Our pension plans have investments in marketable securities, including marketable debt and equity securities, whose values are exposed to changes in the financial markets.  Returns generated on plan assets have historically funded a large portion of the benefits paid under these plans.  If the financial markets experience a downturn and returns fall below our the estimated long-term rate of return, as seen in recent years, our future funding requirements could increase significantly, which could adversely affect cash flows from operations. 
 Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Downturns in the economic conditions in the markets and industries we serve could adversely affect demand for our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations.  Economic weakness or uncertainty may make it difficult for us to obtain new customers and may cause our existing customers to reduce or discontinue their services to which they subscribe.  This risk may be worsened by the expanded availability of free or lower cost services, such as video over the Internet, or substitute services, such as wireless phones and data devices.  Weak economic conditions may also impact the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us.  If weak economic conditions were to continue or further deteriorate, the growth of our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock and Payment of Dividends 
 Our Board of Directors could, in its discretion, depart from or change our dividend policy at any time. 
 Our Board of Directors maintains a current dividend practice for the payment of quarterly dividends at an annual rate of approximately $1.55 per share of common stock. 
 We are not required to pay dividends and our stockholders do not have contractual or other legal rights to receive them.  Our Board of Directors may decide at any time, in its discretion, to decrease the amount of dividends, change or revoke the dividend policy, or discontinue paying dividends entirely. Our ability to pay dividends is dependent on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, expected cash needs, debt covenant compliance and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors. If we do not pay dividends, for whatever reason, shares of our common stock could become less liquid and the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 We might not have sufficient cash to maintain current dividend levels. 
 Our debt agreements, applicable state, legal and corporate law, regulatory requirements and other risk factors described in this section, could materially reduce the cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause funds not to be available when needed in amount sufficient to support our current dividend practice. 
 If we continue to pay dividends at the level currently anticipated under our dividend policy, our ability to pursue growth opportunities may be limited. 
 We believe that our dividend practice could limit, but not preclude, our ability to grow.  If we continue paying dividends at the level currently anticipated, we may not retain a sufficient amount of cash to fund a material expansion of our business, including any acquisitions or growth opportunities requiring significant and unexpected capital expenditures.  For that reason, our ability to pursue any material expansion of our business may depend on our ability to obtain third-party financing.  We cannot guarantee that such financing will be available to us on reasonable terms or at all, particularly in the current economic environment. 
 Our organizational documents could limit or delay another party’s ability to acquire us and, therefore, could deprive our investors of a possible takeover premium for their shares. 
 A number of provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws will make it difficult for another company to acquire us. Among other things, these provisions: 
 Divide our Board of Directors into three classes, which results in   roughly one-third of our directors being elected each year; 
 Provide that directors may only be removed for cause and then only   upon the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds or more of the voting   power of our outstanding common stock; 
 Require the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds or more of the   voting power of our outstanding common stock to amend, alter, change, or   repeal specified provisions of our amended and restated certificate of   incorporation and bylaws; 
 Require stockholders to provide us with advance notice if they wish   to nominate any candidates for election to our Board of Directors or if they   intend to propose any matters for consideration at an annual stockholders   meeting; and 
 Authorize the issuance of so-called “blank check” preferred stock   without stockholder approval upon such terms as the Board of Directors may   determine. 
 We also are subject to laws that may have a similar effect.  For example, federal, Illinois, and Pennsylvania telecommunications laws and regulations generally prohibit a direct or indirect transfer of control over our business without prior regulatory approval.  Similarly, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law restricts our ability to engage in a business combination with an “interested stockholder”.  These laws and regulations make it difficult for another company to acquire us, and therefore could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.  In addition, the rights of our common stockholders will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any class or series of preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Our Capital Structure 
 We have a substantial amount of debt outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could restrict our ability to pay dividends 
 and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures 
 As of December 31, 2012, we had $1,217.8 million of debt outstanding.  Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely impact our business, including: 
 We may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from   operations to make principal and interest payments on our debt, which will   reduce funds available for operations, future business opportunities and   dividends; 
 We may have limited flexibility to react to changes in our business   and our industry; 
 It may be more difficult for us to satisfy our other obligations; 
 We may have a limited ability to borrow additional funds or to sell   assets to raise funds if needed for working capital, capital expenditures,   acquisitions, or other purposes; 
 We may become more vulnerable to general adverse economic and   industry conditions, including changes in interest rates; and 
 We may be at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have   less debt. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will generate sufficient revenues to service our debt and have adequate funds left over to achieve or sustain profitability in our operations, meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs, compete successfully in our markets, or pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 Our credit agreement and the indenture governing the Senior Notes contain covenants that limit management’s discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from capitalizing on opportunities and taking other corporate actions. 
 Among other things, our credit agreement limits or restricts our ability (and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries), and the indenture governing the Senior Notes limits the ability of our subsidiary, Consolidated Communications, Inc., and its restricted subsidiaries, to: 
 Incur   additional debt and issue preferred stock; 
 Make   restricted payments, including paying dividends on, redeeming, repurchasing,   or retiring our capital stock; 
 Make   investments and prepay or redeem debt; 
 Enter   into agreements restricting our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, make   loans, or transfer assets to us; 
 Create   liens; 
 Sell   or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of, or other   ownership interests in, subsidiaries; 
 Engage   in transactions with affiliates; 
 Engage   in sale and leaseback transactions; 
 Engage   in a business other than telecommunications; and 
 Consolidate   or merge. 
 In addition, our credit agreement requires us to comply with specified financial ratios, including ratios regarding total leverage and interest coverage.  Our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control.  These restrictions limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, meet capital needs, or otherwise constrain our activities or business plans.  They also may adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, enter into acquisitions, or engage in other business activities that would be in our interest. 
 A breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreement, in any future credit agreement, or in the indenture governing the Senior Notes, or our inability to comply with the financial ratios could result in an event of default, which would allow the lenders to declare all borrowings outstanding to be due and payable.  If the amounts outstanding under our credit facilities were to be accelerated, we cannot assure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the money owed.  In such a situation, the lenders could foreclose on the assets and capital stock pledged to them. 
 We may not be able to refinance our existing debt if necessary, or we may only be able to do so at a higher interest expense. 
 We may be unable to refinance or renew our credit facilities and our failure to repay all amounts due on the maturity dates would cause a default under the credit agreement.  Alternatively, any renewal or refinancing may occur on less favorable terms.  If we refinance our credit facilities on terms that are less favorable to us than the terms of our existing debt, our interest expense may increase significantly, which could impact our results of operations and impair our ability to use our funds for other purposes, such as to pay dividends. 
 Our variable-rate debt subjects us to interest rate risk, which could impact our cost of borrowing and operating results. 
 Certain of our debt obligations are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. Increases in interest rates could negatively impact our results of operations and operating cash flows.  To mitigate the risk of rising interest rates, we have entered into interest rate swap agreements that convert a portion of our variable-rate debt to a fixed-rate basis.  However, we do not maintain interest rate hedging agreements for all of our variable-rate debt and our existing hedging agreements may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk, may prove disadvantageous or may create additional risks. Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges that have been determined to be ineffective are recognized in earnings. Significant increases or decreases in the fair value of ineffective cash flow hedges could cause favorable or adverse fluctuations in our results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We expect to continue to face significant competition in all parts of our business and the level of competition could intensify. 
 The telecommunications, Internet and digital video businesses are highly competitive. We face actual or potential competition from many existing and emerging companies, including other incumbent and competitive local telephone companies, long-distance carriers and resellers, wireless companies, Internet service providers, satellite companies, cable television companies and in some cases by new forms of providers who are able to offer competitive services through software applications, requiring a comparatively small initial investment. Due to consolidation and strategic alliances within the industry, we cannot predict the number of competitors we will face at any given time. 
 The wireless business has expanded significantly and has caused many subscribers to traditional telephone services and land-based Internet access services to give up those services and to rely exclusively on wireless service. Consumers are finding individual television shows of interest to them through the Internet and are watching content that is downloaded to their computers. Some providers, including television and cable television content owners, have initiated what are called “over-the-top” services that deliver video content to televisions and computers over the Internet.  Over-the-top services can include episodes of highly-rated television series in their current broadcast seasons.  They also can include content that is related to broadcast or sports content that we carry, but that is distinct and may be available only through the alternative source.  Finally, the transition to digital broadcast television has allowed many consumers to obtain high definition local broadcast television signals (including many network affiliates) over-the-air, using a simple antenna.  Consumers can pursue each of these options without foregoing any of the other options.  We may not be able to successfully anticipate and respond to many of these various competitive factors affecting the industry, including regulatory changes that may affect our competitors and us differently, new technologies, services and applications that may be introduced, changes in consumer preferences, demographic trends and discount or bundled pricing strategies by competitors. The incumbent telephone carrier in the markets we serve enjoys certain business advantages, including size, financial resources, favorable regulatory position, a more diverse product mix, brand recognition and connection to virtually all of our customers and potential customers. The largest cable operators also enjoy certain business advantages, including size, financial resources, ownership of or superior access to desirable programming and other content, a more diverse product mix, brand recognition and first-in-the-field advantages with a customer base that generates positive cash flow for its operations. Our competitors continue to add features and adopt aggressive pricing and packaging for services comparable to the services we offer.  Their success in selling some services competitive with ours can lead to revenue erosion in other related areas.  We face intense competition in our markets for long-distance, Internet access and other ancillary services that are important to our business and to our growth strategy.  If we do not compete effectively we could lose customers, revenue and market share; customers may reduce their usage of our services or switch to a less profitable service; and we may need to lower our prices or increase our marketing efforts to remain competitive. 
 We must adapt to rapid technological change.  If we are unable to take advantage of technological developments, or if we adopt and implement them more slowly than our competitors, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services. 
 The telecommunications industry operates in a technologically complex environment.  New technologies are continually developed and products and services undergo constant improvement. These offer consumers a variety of choices for their communication needs.  To remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology to enhance our existing offerings and to introduce new or improved offerings that anticipate and respond to the varied and continually changing demands of our customers.  If we are unable to match the benefits offered by competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, if we fail to employ technologies desired by our customers before our competitors do so, or if we do not successfully execute on our technology initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, evolving technologies can reduce the costs of entry for others, resulting in greater competition and give competitors significant new advantages. Technological developments could require us to make a significant new capital investment in order to remain competitive with other service providers.  If we do not replace or upgrade our network and its technology once it becomes obsolete, we will be unable to compete effectively and will likely lose customers.  We also may be placed at a cost disadvantage in offering our services. Technology changes are also allowing individuals to bypass telephone companies and cable operators entirely to make and receive calls, and to provide for the distribution and viewing of video programming without the need to subscribe to traditional voice and video products and services.  Increasingly, this can be done over wireless facilities and other emerging mobile technologies as well as traditional wired networks.  Wireless companies are aggressively developing networks using next-generation data technologies, which are capable of delivering high-speed Internet service via wireless technology to a large geographic footprint.  As these technologies continue to expand in availability and reliability, they could become an effective alternative to our high-speed Internet services. Although we use fiber optics in parts of our networks, including in some residential areas, we continue to rely on coaxial cable and copper transport media to serve customers in many areas.  The facilities we use to offer our video services, including the interfaces with customers, are undergoing a rapid evolution, and depend in part on the products, expertise and capabilities of third parties. If we cannot develop new services and products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such services and products are not widely embraced by our customer, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 Transport and content costs are substantial and continue to increase. 
 We expect the cost of video transport and content costs to continue to be one of our largest operating costs associated with providing video service. Video programming content includes cable-oriented programming designed to be shown in linear channels, as well as the programming of local over-the-air television stations that we retransmit.  In addition, on-demand programming is being made available in response to customer demand.  In recent years, the cable industry has experienced rapid increases in the cost of programming, especially the costs for sports programming and for local broadcast station retransmission consent. Programming costs are generally assessed on a per-subscriber basis, and therefore are related directly to the number of subscribers to which the programming is provided.  Our relatively small base of subscribers limits our ability to negotiate lower per-subscriber programming costs.  Larger providers often can qualify for discounts based on the number of their subscribers.  This cost difference can cause us to experience reduced operating margins, while our competitors with a larger subscriber base may not experience similar margin compression.  In addition, escalators in existing content agreements cause cost increases that are out of line with general inflation. While we expect these increases to continue we may not be able to pass our programming cost increases on to our customers, particularly as an increasing amount of programming content becomes available via the Internet at little or no cost.  Also, some competitors (or their affiliates) own programming in their own right and we may be unable to secure license rights to that programming. As our programming contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such programming as part of our video services packages and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 A disruption in our networks and infrastructure could cause delays or interruptions of service, which could cause us to lose customers and incur additional expenses. 
 Our customers depend on reliable service over our network. The primary risks to our network infrastructure include physical damage to lines, security breaches, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, software defects and disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism.  From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we will experience short disruptions in our service due to factors such as physical damage, inclement weather and service failures of our third party service providers. 
 We could experience more significant disruptions in the future. Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers and incur unexpected expenses. 
 We have employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements.  If we are unable to enter into new agreements or renew existing agreements before they expire, we could have a work stoppage or other labor actions that could materially disrupt our ability to provide services to our customers. 
 At December 31, 2012, approximately 28% of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements.  These employees are hourly workers located in Texas, Pennsylvania and Illinois service territories and are represented by various unions and locals.  Our relationship with these unions generally has been satisfactory, but occasional work stoppages can occur, including a four day work stoppage that did occur in December 2012. Our collective bargaining agreement with International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (“IBEW”) for our Illinois Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier (“ILEC”) expired on November 14, 2012.  Employees continue to work without a contract and we remain in negotiations with the IBEW on a new collective bargaining agreement.  All the other existing collective bargaining agreements expire between 2013 through 2015. 
 We cannot predict the outcome of negotiations of the collective bargaining agreements covering our employees.  If we are unable to reach new agreements or renew existing agreements, employees subject to collective bargaining agreements may engage in strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns, or other labor actions, which could materially disrupt our ability to provide services.  New labor agreements or the renewal of existing agreements may impose significant new costs on us, which could adversely affect our financial condition and result of operations. While we believe our relations with the unions representing these employees are good, any protracted labor disputes or labor disruptions by any of our employees could have a significant negative effect on our financial results and operations. 
 We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support from third party vendors. 
 We depend on third party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services and to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations and to support our information and billing systems. Some of our third-party vendors are our primary source of supply for products and services for which there are few substitutes.  If any of these vendors should experience financial difficulties, have demand that exceeds their capacity or they cannot otherwise meet our specifications, our ability to provide some services may be materially adversely affected in which case our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 If we cannot obtain and maintain necessary rights-of-way for our network, our operations may be interrupted and we would likely face increased costs. 
 We are dependent on easements, franchises and licenses from various private parties such as established telephone companies and other utilities, railroads, long-distance companies and from state highway authorities, local governments and transit authorities for access to aerial pole space, underground conduits and other rights-of-way in order to construct and operate our networks. Some agreements relating to rights-of-way may be short-term or revocable at will, and we cannot be certain that we will continue to have access to existing rights-of-way after the governing agreements are terminated or expire. If any of our right-of-way agreements were terminated or could not be renewed, we may be forced to remove our network facilities from the affected areas, relocate or abandon our networks which would interrupt our operations and force us to find alternative rights-of-way and make unexpected capital expenditures. 
 Our ability to retain certain key management personnel and attract and retain highly qualified management and other personnel in the future could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We rely on the talents and efforts of key management personnel, many of whom have been with our company and in our industry for decades.  While we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel and the ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical and management personnel in the future could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Future acquisitions could be expensive and may not be successful. 
 From time to time we make acquisitions and investments and enter into other strategic transactions.  In connections with these types of transactions we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant indebtedness, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions.  The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to Our Acquisition of SureWest 
 The integration of the Company and SureWest following the merger may present significant challenges. 
 We may face significant challenges in combining SureWest’s operations into our operations in a timely and efficient manner and in retaining key SureWest personnel. The failure to successfully integrate the Company and SureWest and to manage successfully the challenges presented by the integration process may result in our not achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger, including operational and financial synergies. 
 We will incur transaction, integration and restructuring costs in connection with the merger. 
 We have incurred significant transaction costs in connection with the merger, including fees of our attorneys, accountants and financial advisors. We expect to continue to incur additional integration and restructuring costs as we continue to integrate the businesses of SureWest with those of the Company. Although we expect that the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset incremental transaction, integration and restructuring costs over time, we cannot give any assurance that this net benefit will be achieved in the near term. 
 Risks Related to the Regulation of Our Business 
 We are subject to a complex and uncertain regulatory environment, and we face compliance costs and restrictions greater than those of many of our competitors. 
 Our 
 businesses are subject to regulation by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) and other Federal, state and local entities.  Rapid changes in technology and market conditions have required corresponding changes in how government addresses telecommunications, video programming and Internet services.  Many businesses that compete with our ILEC and Non-ILEC subsidiaries are comparatively less regulated.  Some of our competitors are either completely free from utilities regulation, or are regulated on a significantly less burdensome basis.  Further, in comparison to our subsidiaries regulated as cable operators, satellite video providers, on-demand and over-the-top video providers, and motion picture and DVD firms have almost no regulation of their video activities.  Recently, Federal and state authorities have become far more active in seeking to address critical issues in each of our product and service markets.  The adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal or state levels could require significant and costly adjustments, and adversely affect our business plans.  New regulations could impose additional costs or capital requirements, require new reporting, impair revenue opportunities, potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to our customers and us and potentially create barriers to enter new markets or acquire new lines of business. We face continued uncertainty in the regulatory area for the immediate 
 future.  Not only are these governmental entities continuing to move forward on these matters, their actions remain subject to reconsideration, appeal and legislative modification over an extended period of time, and it is unclear how their actions ultimately will impact our markets. We cannot predict future developments or changes to the regulatory environment or the impact such developments or changes may have on us. 
 We receive support from various funds established under federal and state law and the continued receipt of that support is not assured. 
 A significant portion of our ILECs’ revenues come from network access and subsidies.  An order adopted by the FCC in 2011 (the “Order”) may significantly impact the amount of support revenue we receive from Universal Service Fund (“USF”)/Connect America Fund (“CAF”) and intercarrier compensation (“ICC”). The Order reformed core parts of the USF, broadly recast the existing ICC scheme and established the CAF to replace support revenues provided by the current USF and redirects support from voice services to broadband services.  In 2012, the first phase of the CAF was implemented freezing USF support to a price cap holding company until the FCC implements a broadband cost model to shift support from voice service to broadband, which could be as early as July 2013.  We anticipate that our revenues will be significantly impacted when the broadband cost model is implemented.  The order also modifies the methodology used for ICC traffic exchanged between carriers.  The initial phase of ICC reform was effective on July 1, 2012, beginning the transition of our terminating switched access rates to bill-and-keep over a seven year period.  As a result of implementing the provisions of the Order, our 2012 network access revenues decreased approximately $972 thousand.  We anticipate network access revenues will continue to decline as a result of the Order through 2018 and could be as much as $1.9 million, $805 thousand, $936 thousand, $1.0 million, $2.5 million and $618 thousand in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively. 
 The Order is currently subject to both reconsideration and appeal.  Further regulatory actions on these issues may have a material impact on our consolidated financial position and our results of operations in future periods.  The impact cannot be fully determined at this time. 
 We receive subsidy payments from various federal or state universal service support programs.  These include high cost support, Lifeline, Schools and Libraries programs within the Federal universal service program.  In addition, our Pennsylvania and Texas ILEC’s receive state universal service funding.  The Pennsylvania PUC (“PAPUC”) issued an order in 2012 addressing state ICC and USF, but rescinded the order in early 2012 due to the FCC order usurping the PAPUC rules.  In the future the PAPUC may reintroduce a universal service proceeding.  In Texas, the Public Utilities Commission of Texas (“PUCT”) has initiated a proceeding to review the large company and small company high cost funds.  The proceedings will undertake a comprehensive review of high cost funds and provided recommended changes to the legislature.  Any legislative or PUCT action would not occur until September 1, 2013. 
 The total cost of all of the various Federal universal service programs has increased greatly in recent years, putting pressure on regulators to reform them, and to limit both eligibility and support flows. We cannot predict when or how these matters will be decided or the effect on our subsidy revenues.  However, future reductions in the subsidies we receive may directly affect our profitability and cash flows. 
 We are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, natural resources, and worker health and safety. 
 Our operations and properties are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, natural resources, and worker health and safety, including laws and regulations governing and creating liability in connection with the management, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials, asbestos and petroleum products.  We also are subject to laws and regulations governing air emissions from our fleets of vehicles.  As a result, we face several risks, including: 
 Hazardous materials may have been released at properties that we   currently own or formerly owned (perhaps through our predecessors).  Under certain environmental laws, we could   be held liable, without regard to fault, for the costs of investigating and remediating   any actual or threatened contamination at these properties and for   contamination associated with disposal by us or our predecessors of hazardous   materials at third-party disposal sites. 
 We could incur substantial costs in the future if we acquire   businesses or properties subject to environmental requirements or affected by   environmental contamination.  In   particular, environmental laws regulating wetlands, endangered species, and   other land use and natural resource issues may increase costs associated with   future business or expansion opportunities or delay, alter, or interfere with   such plans. 
 Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2.  Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 121 S. 17 
 St., Mattoon, Illinois, a leased facility.  We also own and lease office facilities and related equipment for administrative personnel, central office buildings, and operations in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Texas, California, Kansas and Missouri utilized primarily by our Telephone Operations segment.  We own approximately 21 acres of undeveloped land in Roseville, California. Our Other Operations segment shares certain facilities with the Telephone Operations segment in Illinois. 
 In addition to land and structures, our property consists of equipment necessary for the provision of communication services including central office equipment, customer premises equipment and connections, pole lines, video head-end, remote terminals, aerial and underground cable and wire facilities, vehicles, furniture and fixtures, computers and other equipment.  We also own certain other communications equipment held as inventory for sale or lease. 
 In addition to plant and equipment that we wholly-own, we utilize poles, towers and cable and conduit systems jointly-owned with other entities, and lease space on facilities to other entities.  These arrangements are in accordance with written agreements customary in the industry. 
 We have appropriate easements, rights of way and other arrangements for the accommodation of our pole lines, underground conduits, aerial and underground cables and wires.  See Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Part II, Item 7 – “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for information regarding our lease obligations. 
 As a result of efficiencies realized through cost controls and efficiencies gained through our acquisition of SureWest Communications in February 2012, certain of our owned and leased facilities are not being utilized to their full capacity.  We are actively reviewing all of our holdings to determine if we have excess properties.  As of December 31, 2012, we are actively marketing 21 acres of undeveloped land, an office campus in Roseville, California and an office building in Cranbury, Pennsylvania. 
 Item 3.       Legal Proceedings. 
 Prior to the completion of the SureWest Merger on July 2, 2012, six putative class action lawsuits were filed by alleged SureWest shareholders challenging the Company’s proposed merger with SureWest in which the Company, WH Acquisition Corp. and WH Acquisition II Corp, SureWest and members of the SureWest board of directors have been named as defendants.  Five shareholder actions were filed in the Superior Court of California, Placer County, and one shareholder action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California.  The actions are called Needles v. SureWest Communications, et al., filed February 17, 2012, Errecart v. Oldham, et al., filed February 24, 2012, Springer v. SureWest Communications, et al., filed March 9, 2012, Aievoli v. Oldham, et al., filed March 15, 2012, and Waterbury v. SureWest Communications, et al., filed March 26, 2012, and the federal action is called Broering v. Oldham, et al., filed April 18, 2012.  The actions generally allege, among other things, that each member of the SureWest board of directors breached fiduciary duties to SureWest and its shareholders by authorizing the sale of SureWest to the Company for consideration that allegedly was unfair to the SureWest shareholders and agreed to terms that allegedly unduly restrict other bidders from making a competing offer.  The complaints also allege that the Company and SureWest aided and abetted the breaches of fiduciary duties allegedly committed by the members of the SureWest board of directors.  The Broering complaint also alleges, among other things, that the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed with the SEC on March 28, 2012 did not make sufficient disclosures regarding the merger, that SureWest’s board should have appointed an independent committee to negotiate the transaction and that SureWest should have gone back to another bidder to create a competitive bid 
 The presence of contamination can adversely affect the value of our   properties and make it difficult to sell any affected property or to use it   as collateral. 
 We could be held responsible for third-party property damage claims,   personal injury claims, or natural resource damage claims relating to   contamination found at any of our current or past properties. 
 The cost of complying with environmental requirements could be significant.  Similarly, the adoption of new environmental laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their interpretations could result in significant compliance costs or unanticipated environmental liabilities.