Risk Factors 
 For an enterprise as large and complex as ours, a wide range of factors could materially
affect future developments and performance. The most significant factors affecting our operations
include the following: 
 We derive the majority of our revenues from marketing and advertising spending by businesses, which
is affected by numerous factors. Declines in advertising revenues will adversely affect the
profitability of our business. 
 The demand for advertising in our newspapers or on our television stations is sensitive to a
number of factors, both nationally and locally, including the following: 
 The advertising and marketing spending by our customers can be subject to seasonal and
cyclical variations and are likely to be adversely affected during economic downturns. 
 Television advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from political
advertising. 
 The impact of advertiser consolidation and contraction in our local markets. The
majority of the print and broadcast advertising is sold to local businesses in our
markets. Continued consolidation and contraction of local advertisers could adversely
impact our operating results. 
 The size and demographics of the audience reached by advertisers through our media
businesses. Continued declines in our newspaper circulation could have an effect on the
rate and volume of advertising, which are dependent on the size and demographics of the
audience we provide to our advertisers. Television audiences have also fragmented in
recent years as the broad distribution of cable and satellite television has greatly
increased the options available to the viewing public. Continued fragmentation of
television audiences could adversely impact the rates we obtain for advertising. 
 Our television stations have significant exposure to automotive advertising. In 2011,
21% and in 2010, 17% of our total advertising in our television segment was from the
automotive category. 
 If we are unable to respond to any or all these factors our advertising revenues could
decline which would affect our profitability. 
 Our local media businesses operate in a changing and increasingly competitive environment. We
must continually invest in new business initiatives and to modify strategies to maintain our
competitive position. Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt our
ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. 
 The profile of our newspaper and television audience has shifted dramatically in recent
years as readers and viewers access news and other content online or through mobile devices and
as they spend more discretionary time with social media. While slow and steady declines in
audiences have been offset by a growing online viewership, online advertising rates are much
lower than print and broadcast advertising rates on a cost-per-thousand basis. This audience
shift results in lower profit margins. To remain competitive we must adjust business strategies
and invest in new business initiatives, particularly within digital media. Development of new
products and services may require significant costs. The success of these initiatives depends
on a number of factors, including timely development and market acceptance. Investments we make
in new strategies and initiatives may not perform as expected. 
 We are undergoing a strategic restructuring in our newspaper business that, if unsuccessful,
could have a material adverse financial impact. 
 We are undergoing a significant restructuring in our Newspaper business. This
transformation includes, among other things, alignment of our operating costs with secular
declines in newspaper revenues, the standardization and centralization of systems and processes,
the outsourcing of certain financial processes and the implementation of new software for our
circulation, advertising and editorial systems. As a result, we are in a transformational
period in which we have made, and will continue to make, changes that, if unsuccessful, could
have a material adverse financial impact on our operations. 
 A significant portion of our operating cost for the newspaper segment is newsprint, so an
increase in price or reduction in supplies may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Newsprint is a significant component of the operating cost of our newspaper operations,
comprising 10% of newspaper costs in 2011. The price of newsprint has historically been
volatile, and increases in the price of newsprint could materially reduce our operating results.
In addition, the continued reduction in the capacity of newsprint producers increases the risk
that supplies of newsprint could be limited in the future. 
 The loss of affiliation agreements could adversely affect our television stations’ operating
results. 
 Ten of our stations have affiliations with the ABC television network and three have
affiliations with the NBC television network. These television networks produce and distribute
programming in exchange for each of our stations’ commitment to air the programming at specified
times and for commercial announcement time during the programming. 
 The non-renewal or termination of our network affiliation agreements, which expire in 2014
and 2015, would prevent us from being able to carry programming of the relevant network. This
loss of programming would require us to obtain replacement programming, which may involve higher
costs and which may not be as attractive to our target audiences, resulting in lower revenues. 
 Our television stations are subject to government regulations which, if revised, could
adversely affect our operating results. 
 Pursuant to FCC rules, local television stations must elect every three years to either
(1) require cable and/or direct broadcast satellite operators to carry the stations’ over
the air signals or (2) enter into retransmission consent negotiations for carriage. At
present all of our stations have retransmission consent agreements with of cable operators
and satellite providers. If our retransmission consent agreements are terminated or not
renewed, or if our broadcast signals are distributed on less-favorable terms than our
competitors, our ability to compete effectively may be adversely affected. 
 If we cannot renew our FCC broadcast licenses, our broadcast operations will be
impaired. Our television business depends upon maintaining our broadcast licenses from the
FCC, which has the authority to revoke licenses, not renew them, or renew them only with
significant qualifications, including renewals for less than a full term. We cannot assure
that future renewal applications will be approved, or that the renewals will not include
conditions or qualifications that could adversely affect our operations. If the FCC fails
to renew any of our licenses, it could prevent us from operating the affected stations. If
the FCC renews a license with substantial conditions or modifications (including renewing
the license for a term of fewer than eight years), it could have a material adverse effect
on the affected station’s revenue-generation potential. 
 The FCC and other government agencies are considering various proposals intended to
promote consumer interests, including proposals to encourage locally-focused television
programming, to restrict certain types of advertising to children, and to repurpose some of
the broadcast spectrum. New government regulations affecting the television industry could
raise programming costs, restrict broadcasters’ operating flexibility, reduce advertising
revenues, raise the costs of delivering broadcast signals, or otherwise affect our
operating results. We cannot predict the nature or scope of future government regulation
or its impact on our operations. 
 Sustained increases in costs of employee health and welfare plans and funding requirements of
our pension obligations may reduce the cash available for our business. 
 Employee compensation and benefits account for approximately 50% of our total operating
expenses. In recent years, we have experienced significant increases in employee benefit costs.
Various factors may continue to put upward pressure on the cost of providing medical benefits.
Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance
that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the
profitability of our businesses. 
 The projected benefit obligations of our pension plans exceed plan assets by $79 million at
December 31, 2011. Our pension plans invest in a variety of equity and debt securities, many of
which were affected by the disruption in the credit and capital markets in 2008 and 2009. Future
volatility and disruption in the stock and bond markets could cause further declines in the asset
values of our pension plans. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine
minimum funding requirements could result in increased future contributions. If either occurs, we
may need to make additional pension contributions above what is currently estimated, which could
reduce the cash available for our businesses. 
 We may be unable to effectively integrate any new business we acquired. 
 In December 2011, we acquired the television stations owned by McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
Failure to successfully integrate operations with our television station operations or to meet our
performance expectations could have an adverse impact on our operations. 
 We may make future acquisitions and could face integration challenges and acquired businesses
could significantly under-perform relative to our expectations. If acquisitions are not
successfully integrated, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected and impairment
charges may result if acquired businesses significantly under-perform relative to our expectations. 
 None. 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 We own substantially all of the facilities and equipment used in our newspaper operations. 
 We own substantially all of the facilities and equipment used by our television stations.
We own, or co-own with other broadcast television stations, the towers used to transmit our
television signals. 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, such as
defamation actions, and governmental proceedings primarily relating to renewal of broadcast
licenses, none of which is expected to result in material loss. 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 The Edward W. Scripps Trust principally holds our Common Voting shares; such ownership could
inhibit potential changes of control. 
 We have two classes of stock: Common Voting shares and Class A Common shares. Holders of
Class A Common shares are entitled to elect one-third of the Board of Directors, but are not
permitted to vote on any other matters except as required by Ohio law. Holders of Common Voting
shares are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board and to vote on all other matters. Our
Common Voting shares are principally held by The Edward W. Scripps Trust, which holds 90% of the
Common Voting shares. As a result, the trust has the ability to elect two-thirds of the Board of
Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A
Common shares. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any
potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction, the market price of our Class A
Common shares could be adversely affected. 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments