Item 1A. Risk Factors \n For an enterprise as large and complex as ours, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. The most significant factors affecting our operations include the following: \n We derive the majority of our revenues from marketing and advertising spending by businesses, which is affected by numerous factors. Declines in advertising revenues will adversely affect the profitability of our business. \n The demand for advertising in our newspapers or on our television stations is sensitive to a number of factors, both nationally and locally, including the following: \n • The advertising and marketing spending by our customers can be subject to seasonal and cyclical variations and are likely to be adversely affected during economic downturns. \n • Television advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from political advertising. \n • The impact of advertiser consolidation and contraction in our local markets. The majority of the print and broadcast advertising is sold to local businesses in our markets. Continued consolidation and contraction of local advertisers could adversely impact our operating results. \n • The size and demographics of the audience reached by advertisers through our media businesses. Continued declines in our newspaper circulation could have an effect on the rate and volume of advertising, which are dependent on the size and demographics of the audience we provide to our advertisers. Television audiences have also fragmented in recent years as the broad distribution of cable and satellite television has greatly increased the options available to the viewing public. Continued fragmentation of television audiences could adversely impact the rates we obtain for advertising. \n • Our television stations have significant exposure to automotive advertising. In 2012, 19% and in 2011, 21% of our total advertising in our television segment was from the automotive category. \n If we are unable to respond to any or all these factors our advertising revenues could decline and affect our profitability. \n Our local media businesses operate in a changing and increasingly competitive environment. We must continually invest in new business initiatives and to modify strategies to maintain our competitive position. Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. \n The profile of our newspaper and television audience has shifted dramatically in recent years as readers and viewers access news and other content online or through mobile devices and as they spend more discretionary time with social media. While slow and steady declines in audiences have been offset by a growing online viewership, online advertising rates are much lower than print and broadcast advertising rates on a cost-per-thousand basis. This audience shift results in lower profit margins. To remain competitive we must adjust business strategies and invest in new business initiatives, particularly within digital media. Development of new products and services may require significant costs. The success of these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including timely development and market acceptance. Investments we make in new strategies and initiatives may not perform as expected. \n Our print newspaper business is in secular decline. Our profitability may be adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in creating other revenue opportunities or in aligning cost with declining revenues. \n In recent years, the advertising industry generally has experienced a secular shift toward digital advertising and away from other traditional media. In addition, the Company’s circulation has declined, reflecting general trends in the newspaper industry, including consumer migration toward the Internet and other media for news and information. The Company faces increasing competition from other digital sources for both advertising and circulation revenues. This competition has intensified as a result of the continued developments of digital media technologies. Distribution of news, entertainment and other information over the Internet, as well as through smartphones, tablets and other devices, continues to increase in popularity. These technological developments are increasing the number of media choices available to advertisers and audiences. As media audiences fragment, the Company expects advertisers to continue to allocate larger portions of their advertising budgets to digital media. \n In response to the ongoing secular changes we must continually monitor and align our cost structure to the declining revenues. The alignment of our costs includes measures such as reduction in force initiatives, standardization and centralization of systems and processes, outsourcing of certain financial processes and the implementation of new software for our circulation, advertising and editorial systems. \n If we are unsuccessful in creating other revenue opportunities or aligning our costs with declining revenues, our profitability could be affected. \n A significant portion of our operating cost for the newspaper segment is newsprint, so an increase in price or reduction in supplies may adversely affect our operating results. \n Newsprint is a significant component of the operating cost of our newspaper operations, comprising 10% of newspaper costs in 2012 . The price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and increases in the price of newsprint could materially reduce our operating results. In addition, the continued reduction in the capacity of newsprint producers increases the risk that supplies of newsprint could be limited in the future. \n The loss of affiliation agreements could adversely affect our television stations’ operating results. \n Ten of our stations have affiliations with the ABC television network and three have affiliations with the NBC television network. These television networks produce and distribute programming in exchange for each of our stations’ commitment to air the programming at specified times and for commercial announcement time during the programming. \n The non-renewal or termination of our network affiliation agreements, which expire in 2014 and 2015, would prevent us from being able to carry programming of the relevant network. This loss of programming would require us to obtain replacement programming, which may involve higher costs and which may not be as attractive to our target audiences, resulting in lower revenues. \n Our television stations are subject to government regulations which, if revised, could adversely affect our operating results. \n • Pursuant to FCC rules, local television stations must elect every three years to either (1) require cable and/or direct broadcast satellite operators to carry the stations’ over the air signals or (2) enter into retransmission consent negotiations for carriage. At present all of our stations have retransmission consent agreements with cable operators and satellite providers. If our retransmission consent agreements are terminated or not renewed, or if our broadcast signals are distributed on less-favorable terms than our competitors, our ability to compete effectively may be adversely affected. \n • If we cannot renew our FCC broadcast licenses, our broadcast operations will be impaired. Our television business depends upon maintaining our broadcast licenses from the FCC, which has the authority to revoke licenses, not renew them, or renew them only with significant qualifications, including renewals for less than a full term. We cannot assure that future renewal applications will be approved, or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications that could adversely affect our operations. If the FCC fails to renew any of our licenses, it could prevent us from operating the affected stations. If the FCC renews a license with substantial conditions or modifications (including renewing the license for a term of fewer than eight years), it could have a material adverse effect on the affected station’s revenue-generation potential. \n • The FCC and other government agencies are considering various proposals intended to promote consumer interests, including proposals to encourage locally-focused television programming, to restrict certain types of advertising to children, and to repurpose some of the broadcast spectrum. New government regulations affecting the television industry could raise programming costs, restrict broadcasters’ operating flexibility, reduce advertising revenues, raise the costs of delivering broadcast signals, or otherwise affect our operating results. We cannot predict the nature or scope of future government regulation or its impact on our operations. \n • There are proceedings before the FCC and the courts reexamining policies that now protect television stations' rights to control the distribution of their programming within their local service areas. For example, in a dispute that does not directly involve broadcasting, the FCC's Media Bureau is seeking comment on the degree to which an entity relying upon the Internet to deliver video programming should be subject to the regulations that apply to multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPD's”) such as cable operators and satellite systems. Should the FCC determine that Internet-based distributors may avoid its MVPD rules, broadcasters' ability to rely on the protection of the MVPD retransmission consent requirements could be jeopardized. Ongoing litigation is also addressing the extent to which copyright holders may restrict the online distribution of their programming. For example, a New York district court has found that copyright restrictions may not apply to a multichannel video distribution service that receives and records broadcast signals over-the-air via an antenna and then retransmits that information digitally to an individual customer's computer or mobile device. While this litigation continues, the service provider plans an aggressive expansion of its service into a number of new television markets, including some of the Company's markets. We cannot predict the outcome of these and other proceedings that address the use of new technologies to challenge traditional means of redistributing broadcast programming or their possible impact on the Company. \n Sustained increases in costs of employee health and welfare plans and funding requirements of our pension obligations may reduce the cash available for our business. \n Employee compensation and benefits account for approximately 50% of our total operating expenses. In recent years, we have experienced significant increases in employee benefit costs. Various factors may continue to put upward pressure on the cost of providing medical benefits. Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the profitability of our businesses. \n The projected benefit obligations of our pension plans exceed plan assets by $114 million at December 31, 2012 . In 2009, we froze the accrual of service credits under our defined benefit pension plans that cover a majority of our employees, including our SERP. Our pension plans invest in a variety of equity and debt securities, many of which were affected by the disruption in the credit and capital markets in 2008 and 2009. Future volatility and disruption in the stock and bond markets could cause further declines in the asset values of our pension plans. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine minimum funding requirements could result in increased future contributions. If either occurs, we may need to make additional pension contributions above what is currently estimated, which could reduce the cash available for our businesses. \n We may be unable to effectively integrate any new business we acquire. \n We may make future acquisitions and could face integration challenges and acquired businesses could significantly under-perform relative to our expectations. If acquisitions are not successfully integrated, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected and impairment charges may result if acquired businesses significantly under-perform relative to our expectations. \n Ownership of our Common Voting shares could inhibit potential changes of control. \n As of December 31, 2012, approximately 90% of our Common Voting shares were held of record by The Edward W. Scripps Trust ("the Trust"). This Trust terminated on October 18, 2012, and all of its assets, including the Common Voting shares, will be distributed to certain descendants of Edward W. Scripps pursuant to the terms of the Trust for no consideration as soon as administratively practicable and under an applicable court order. Certain Trust beneficiaries, and certain members of the John P. Scripps family and trusts for their benefit, are signatories to the Scripps Family Agreement that governs the transfer and voting of Common Voting shares held by them. Upon distribution from the Trust, shares held under the agreement will represent approximately 93.3% of the Common Voting Shares. The Trust has advised the Company that they expect the shares to be distributed to the Trust beneficiaries in the next few months. \n Until such distribution, the Trust will continue to be the record holder of the Common Voting shares. On January 22, 2013, under the provisions of its prior order sealing the proceedings, the Probate Court overseeing the liquidation of the Trust issued an order that generally provides that until distribution of the shares the Trustees shall vote (or enter into or decline to enter into binding agreements to vote) the Common Voting shares held by the Trust as instructed by a vote conducted in accordance with the procedures of the Scripps Family Agreement. In the absence of instructions from a vote under the Scripps Family Agreement and the order, the Trustees may vote the Common Voting shares in the manner they determine in their discretion, to be in the best interests of the Trust beneficiaries, so long as the vote does not relate to a change of control transaction. If the vote relates to a change of control transaction, the Trustees will not vote the Common Voting shares held by the Trust in the absence of such instructions. \n After the Common Voting shares are distributed from the Trust, the provisions of the Scripps Family Agreement will fully govern the transfer and voting of the shares held by the signatories, and the terms of the court order will cease to apply. \n As a result of the foregoing, the Trustees and the signatories to the Scripps Family Agreement have and after the distribution of the shares from the Trust the signatories to the Scripps Family Agreement will have the ability to elect two-thirds of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common shares.  Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction, the market price of our Class A Common shares could be adversely affected.