Item 1A. Risk Factors \n For an enterprise as large and complex as ours, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. The most significant factors affecting our operations include the following: \n We derive the majority of our revenues from marketing and advertising spending by businesses, which is affected by numerous factors. Declines in advertising revenues will adversely affect the profitability of our business. \n The demand for advertising on our television stations or in our newspapers is sensitive to a number of factors, both locally and nationally, including the following: \n • The advertising and marketing spending by our customers can be subject to seasonal and cyclical variations and are likely to be adversely affected during economic downturns. \n • Television advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from political advertising, which are affected by campaign finance laws, as well as the competitiveness of the campaigns in the markets where our television stations operate. \n • The impact of advertiser consolidation and contraction in our local markets. The majority of the broadcast and print advertising is sold to local businesses in our markets. Continued consolidation and contraction of local advertisers could adversely impact our operating results. \n • The size and demographics of the audience reached by advertisers through our media businesses. Continued declines in our newspaper circulation could have an effect on the rate and volume of advertising, which are dependent on the size and demographics of the audience we provide to our advertisers. Television audiences have also fragmented in recent years as the broad distribution of cable and satellite television has greatly increased the options available to the viewing public. Continued fragmentation of television audiences could adversely impact the rates we obtain for advertising. \n • Our television stations have significant exposure to automotive advertising. Advertising revenue from the automotive category represented approximately 22% and 26% of our total advertising revenue in our television segment for 2014 and 2013 , respectively. \n If we are unable to respond to any or all of these factors, our advertising revenues could decline and affect our profitability. \n Our local media businesses operate in a changing and increasingly competitive environment. We must continually invest in new business initiatives and modify strategies to maintain our competitive position. Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. \n The profile of our newspaper and television audience has shifted dramatically in recent years as readers and viewers access news and other content online or through mobile devices and as they spend more discretionary time with social media. While slow and steady declines in audiences have been somewhat offset by growing viewership on digital platforms, digital advertising rates are typically much lower than print and broadcast advertising rates on a cost-per-thousand basis. This audience shift results in lower profit margins. To remain competitive we must adjust business strategies and invest in new business initiatives, particularly within digital media. Development of new products and services may require significant costs. The success of these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including timely development and market acceptance. Investments we make in new strategies and initiatives may not perform as expected. \n Programmatic advertising models that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale or through automated processes may begin to play a more significant role in the local television advertising marketplace, causing downward pricing pressure and resulting in a loss of revenue that could materially adversely affect broadcast operations. \n Several national advertising agencies are now looking at an automated process known as “programmatic buying” to reduce costs related to buying local TV spot advertising. Growth in advertising revenues will rely in part on the ability to maintain and expand relationships with existing and future advertisers. The implementation of a programmatic model, where automation replaces existing pricing and allocation methods, could turn local advertising inventory into a price-driven commodity, reducing the value of these relationships and related revenues. Scripps cannot predict the pace at which programmatic buying will be adopted or utilized in the broadcast industry. Widespread adoption causing downward pricing pressure could result in a loss of revenue and materially adversely affect future broadcast operations. \n Our print newspaper business is in secular decline. Our profitability may be adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in creating other revenue opportunities or in aligning costs with declining revenues. \n In recent years, the advertising industry generally has experienced a secular shift toward digital advertising and away from other traditional media. In addition, the Company’s newspaper circulation has declined, reflecting general trends in the newspaper industry, including consumer migration toward the Internet and other media for news and information. The Company faces increasing competition from other digital sources for both advertising and subscription revenues. This competition has intensified as a result of the continued development of digital media technologies. Distribution of news, entertainment and other information over the Internet, as well as through smartphones, tablets and other devices, continues to increase in popularity. These technological developments are increasing the number of media choices available to advertisers and audiences. As media audiences fragment, the Company expects advertisers to continue to allocate larger portions of their advertising budgets to digital media. \n In response to the ongoing secular changes, we must continually monitor and align our cost structure to the declining revenues. The alignment of our costs includes measures such as reduction in force initiatives, standardization and centralization of systems and processes, outsourcing of certain financial processes and the implementation of new software for our circulation, advertising and editorial systems. \n If we are unsuccessful in creating other revenue opportunities or aligning our costs with declining revenues, our profitability could be affected. \n A significant portion of our operating cost for the newspaper segment is newsprint, so an increase in price or reduction in supplies may adversely affect our operating results. \n Newsprint is a significant component of the operating cost of our newspaper operations, comprising 9% of newspaper costs in 2014 . The price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and increases in the price of newsprint could materially reduce our operating results. In addition, the continued reduction in the capacity of newsprint producers increases the risk that supplies of newsprint could be limited in the future. \n The loss of affiliation agreements could adversely affect our television stations’ operating results. \n Eleven of our stations have affiliations with the ABC television network and three have affiliations with the NBC television network. These television networks produce and distribute programming in exchange for each of our stations’ commitment to air the programming at specified times and for commercial announcement time during the programming. These television networks produce and distribute programming which Scripps’ stations commit to air at specified times. Networks sell commercial announcement time during the programming, and require stations to pay fees on the right to carry programming. These fees may be a percentage of retransmission revenues that the stations receive (see below) or may be fixed amounts. There is no assurance that Scripps will be able to reach agreements with networks about the amount of these fees. \n The non-renewal or termination of our network affiliation agreements would prevent us from being able to carry programming of the relevant network. Loss of network affiliation would require us to obtain replacement programming, which may involve higher costs and may not be as attractive to its target audiences, resulting in lower advertising revenues. In addition, loss of network affiliation would result in materially lower retransmission revenue, particularly in the case of the "Big 4" networks, such as our affiliations with ABC and NBC. \n Our retransmission consent revenue may be adversely affected by renewals of retransmission consent agreements and network affiliation agreements, by consolidation of cable or satellite television systems, or by new technologies for the distribution of broadcast programming. \n As our retransmission consent agreements expire, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew them at comparable or better rates. As a result, retransmission revenues could decrease and retransmission revenue growth could decline over time. Major networks that we are affiliated with currently require us to share our retransmission revenue with them. There can be no assurance that these networks will not require an increase in their share of this revenue as a condition to the renewal of our affiliation agreements. If an MVPD in our markets acquires additional distribution systems, our retransmission revenue could be adversely affected if our retransmission agreement with the acquiring MVPD has lower rates or a longer term than our retransmission agreement with the MVPD whose systems are being sold. \n The use of new technologies to redistribute broadcast programming, such as those that rely upon the Internet to deliver video programming or those that receive and record broadcast signals over the air via an antenna and then retransmit that information digitally to customers’ computer or mobile devices, could adversely affect Scripps’ retransmission revenue if such \n technologies are not found to be subject to copyright law restrictions or to regulations that apply to MVPDs such as cable operators or satellite carriers. \n Changes in the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”), or the FCC’s rules with respect to the negotiation of retransmission consent agreements between broadcasters and MVPDs could also adversely impact Scripps’ ability to negotiate acceptable retransmission consent agreements. In addition, continued consolidation among cable television operators could adversely impact Scripps’ ability to negotiate acceptable retransmission consent agreements. In February 2014, Comcast Corporation, the largest cable television operator, announced that it was acquiring Time Warner Cable, Inc., which is the second largest cable television operator. In May 2014, AT&T announced that it was acquiring DIRECTV, the largest direct-to-home satellite provider. Both transactions remain subject to regulatory approvals of the Department of Justice and the FCC. \n There are proceedings before the FCC and legislation has been proposed in Congress reexamining policies that now protect television stations' rights to control the distribution of their programming within their local service areas. For example, in a dispute that does not directly involve broadcasting, the FCC's Media Bureau is seeking comment on the degree to which an entity relying upon the Internet to deliver video programming should be subject to the regulations that apply to MVPDs. Should the FCC determine that Internet-based distributors may avoid its MVPD rules, broadcasters' ability to rely on the protection of the MVPD retransmission consent requirements could be jeopardized. Scripps cannot predict the outcome of these and other proceedings that address the use of new technologies to challenge traditional means of redistributing broadcast programming or their possible impact on Scripps’ operations. \n Our television stations are subject to government regulations which, if revised, could adversely affect our operating results. \n • Pursuant to FCC rules, local television stations must elect every three years to either (1) require cable operators and/or direct broadcast satellite carriers to carry the stations’ over the air signals or (2) enter into retransmission consent negotiations for carriage. At present, all of our stations have retransmission consent agreements with cable operators and satellite carriers. If our retransmission consent agreements are terminated or not renewed, or if our broadcast signals are distributed on less-favorable terms than our competitors, our ability to compete effectively may be adversely affected. \n • If we cannot renew our FCC broadcast licenses, our broadcast operations will be impaired. Our television business depends upon maintaining our broadcast licenses from the FCC, which has the authority to revoke licenses, not renew them, or renew them only with significant qualifications, including renewals for less than a full term. We cannot assure that future renewal applications will be approved, or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications that could adversely affect our operations. If the FCC fails to renew any of our licenses, it could prevent us from operating the affected stations. If the FCC renews a license with substantial conditions or modifications (including renewing the license for a term of fewer than eight years), it could have a material adverse effect on the affected station’s revenue-generation potential. \n • The FCC is developing standards to accomplish the repurposing of a substantial amount of the spectrum now allocated to broadcast television through a novel “incentive auction” process. Television licensees are being encouraged to voluntarily relinquish their licensed spectrum in return for a share of the auction’s proceeds, and the broadcast spectrum that remains post-auction will be “repacked” in order to permit efficient use of the repurposed spectrum by the wireless industry buyers. Broadcasters are concerned that the FCC is not adequately adhering to Congress’ direction that those television licensees who choose to retain their spectrum should not be affected adversely. If the FCC’s auction processes do not adequately protect stations’ service areas from interference or do not provide adequate time and compensation to broadcasters for what is expected to be a major post-auction rearrangement of the broadcast spectrum, this could have a material adverse effect on the affected stations and on the Company. \n • The FCC and other government agencies are considering various proposals intended to promote consumer interests, including proposals to encourage locally-focused television programming and to restrict certain types of advertising to children. New government regulations affecting the television industry could raise programming costs, restrict broadcasters’ operating flexibility, reduce advertising revenues, raise the costs of delivering broadcast signals, or otherwise affect our operating results. We cannot predict the nature or scope of future government regulation or its impact on our operations. \n • There are proceedings before the FCC and the courts reexamining policies that now protect television stations' rights to control the distribution of their programming within their local service areas. For example, the FCC has initiated a rulemaking proceeding on the degree to which an entity relying upon the Internet to deliver video \n programming should be subject to the regulations that apply to multi-channel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”) such as cable operators and satellite systems. This proceeding raises a variety of issues, including whether Internet-based video distributors might be able to take advantage of MVPDs' statutory copyright licensing rights. Other ongoing copyright disputes involve, for example, the legality of digital recorders that can automatically remove commercials from broadcast programming during playback. We cannot predict the outcome of these and other proceedings that address the use of new technologies to challenge traditional means of redistributing broadcast programming or their possible impact on the Company. \n Sustained increases in costs of employee health and welfare plans and funding requirements of our pension obligations may reduce the cash available for our business. \n Employee compensation and benefits account for approximately 50% of our total operating expenses. In recent years, we have experienced significant increases in employee benefit costs. Various factors may continue to put upward pressure on the cost of providing medical benefits. Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the profitability of our businesses. \n The projected benefit obligations of our pension plans exceed plan assets by $141 million at December 31, 2014 . In 2009, we froze the accrual of service credits under our defined benefit pension plans that cover a majority of our employees, including our Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"). Our pension plans invest in a variety of equity and debt securities, many of which were affected by the disruption in the credit and capital markets in 2008 and 2009. Future volatility and disruption in the stock and bond markets could cause further declines in the asset values of our pension plans. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine minimum funding requirements could result in increased future contributions. If either occurs, we may need to make additional pension contributions above what is currently estimated, which could reduce the cash available for our businesses. \n We may be unable to effectively integrate any new business we acquire. \n We may make future acquisitions and could face integration challenges and acquired businesses could significantly under-perform relative to our expectations. If acquisitions are not successfully integrated, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected and impairment charges may result if acquired businesses significantly under-perform relative to our expectations. \n Scripps faces cybersecurity and similar risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, disruption of its operations, damage to its brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses. \n Security breaches, computer malware or other “cyber attacks” could harm Scripps’ business by disrupting its delivery of services, jeopardizing Scripps’ confidential information and that of its vendors and clients, and damaging its reputation. Scripps’ operations are expected to routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information. Although Scripps monitors its security measures regularly and believes it is not in a key target industry, any unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, theft of data, network disruption, denial of service, or similar act by any party could disrupt the integrity, continuity, and security of Scripps’ systems or the systems of its clients or vendors. These events could create financial liability, regulatory sanction, or a loss of confidence in our ability to protect information, and adversely affect our revenue by causing the loss of current or potential clients. \n Ownership of our Common Voting shares could inhibit potential changes of control. \n Certain descendants of Edward W. Scripps own approximately 93% of our Common Voting shares and are signatories to the Scripps Family Agreement, which governs the transfer and voting of Common Voting shares held by them. \n As a result of the foregoing, these descendants have the ability to elect two-thirds of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter on which Ohio law does not require a vote of the Class A Common shares. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction, the market price of our Class A Common shares could be adversely affected.