For an enterprise as large and complex as ours, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. The most significant factors affecting our operations include the following: \n Risks Related to Our Businesses \n We expect to derive the majority of our revenues from marketing and advertising spending, which is affected by numerous factors. Declines in advertising revenues will adversely affect the profitability of our business. \n The demand for advertising on television and radio stations is sensitive to a number of factors, both locally and nationally, including the following: \n • The advertising and marketing spending by customers can be subject to seasonal and cyclical variations and are likely to be adversely affected during economic downturns. \n • Television and radio advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from political advertising, which is affected by campaign finance laws, as well as the competitiveness of specific political races in the markets where our television and radio stations operate. \n • Continued consolidation and contraction of local advertisers in our local markets could adversely impact our operating results, given that we expect the majority of our advertising to be sold to local businesses in our markets. \n • Television audiences continue to fragment in recent years as the broad distribution of cable and satellite television has greatly increased the options available to the public for viewing programming including live sports. Continued fragmentation of television audiences, and the growth of internet programming and streaming services, could adversely impact advertising rates, which will reflect the size and demographics of the audience reached by advertisers through our media businesses. \n • Television stations have significant exposure to advertising in the automotive, retail and services industries. If advertising within these industries declines and we are unable to secure replacement advertisers, advertising revenues could decline and affect our profitability. \n If we are unable to respond to any or all of these factors, our advertising revenues could decline and affect our profitability. \n Programmatic advertising models that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale or through automated processes may begin to play a more significant role in the local television and radio advertising marketplace, and may cause downward pricing pressure, resulting in a loss of revenue that could materially adversely affect broadcast television operations. \n Several national advertising agencies are employing an automated process known as “programmatic buying” to gain efficiencies and reduce costs related to buying local TV spot advertising. Growth in advertising revenues will rely in part on the ability to maintain and expand relationships with existing and future advertisers. The implementation of a programmatic model, where automation replaces existing pricing and allocation methods, could turn local advertising inventory into a price-driven commodity, reducing the value of these relationships and related revenues. We cannot predict the pace at which programmatic buying will be adopted or utilized in the broadcast industry. Widespread adoption causing downward pricing pressure could result in a loss of revenue and materially adversely affect future broadcast operations. \n The growth of direct content-to-consumer delivery channels may fragment our television audiences. This fragmentation could adversely impact advertising rates as well as cause a reduction in the revenues we receive from retransmission consent agreements, resulting in a loss of revenue that could materially adversely affect our television broadcast operations. \n We deliver our television programming to our audiences over air and through cable and satellite service providers. Our television audience is being fragmented by the digital delivery of content directly to the consumer audience. Content providers, such as the "Big 4" broadcast networks, cable networks such as HBO and Showtime, and new content developers, distributors and syndicators such as Amazon, Hulu and Netflix, are now able to deliver their programming directly to consumers, over-the-top (“OTT”). The delivery of content directly to a consumer allows them to bypass the programming we deliver, which may impact our audience size. Fragmentation of our audiences could impact the rates we receive from our advertisers. In addition, fewer subscribers of cable and satellite service providers would also impact the revenue we receive from retransmission consent agreements. \n Widespread adoption of OTT by our audiences could result in a reduction of our advertising and retransmission revenues and affect our profitability. \n Our radio broadcasting stations similarly confront audience fragmentation caused by a proliferation of alternative digital programming services, including mobile services, that could affect their advertising rates. \n Our local media businesses operate in a changing and increasingly competitive environment. We will have to continually invest in new business initiatives and modify strategies to maintain our competitive position. Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. \n The profile of television and radio audiences has shifted dramatically in recent years as viewers access news and other content online or through mobile devices and as they spend more discretionary time with social media. While slow and steady declines in audiences have been somewhat offset by growing viewership on digital platforms, digital advertising rates are typically much lower than broadcast advertising rates on a cost-per-thousand basis. This audience shift results in lower profit margins. To remain competitive, we believe we must adjust business strategies and invest in new business initiatives, particularly within digital media. Development of new products and services may require significant costs. The success of these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including timely development and market acceptance. Investments we make in new strategies and initiatives may not perform as expected. \n The loss of affiliation agreements could adversely affect our television stations’ operating results. \n Fifteen of our stations have affiliations with the ABC television network, five with the NBC television network, two with each of the FOX, CBS and MyNetwork television networks and one with The CW television network. These television networks produce and distribute programming which our stations commit to air at specified times. Networks sell commercial advertising time during their programming, and the "Big 4" networks, ABC, NBC, CBS and FOX, also require stations to pay fees for the right to carry their programming. These fees may be a percentage of retransmission revenues that the stations receive (see below) or may be fixed amounts. There is no assurance that we will be able to reach agreements in the future with networks about the amount of these fees. \n The non-renewal or termination of our network affiliation agreements would prevent us from being able to carry programming of the respective network. Loss of network affiliation would require us to obtain replacement programming and \n may not be as attractive to target audiences, resulting in lower advertising revenues. In addition, loss of any of the "Big 4" network affiliations would result in materially lower retransmission revenue. \n Our retransmission consent revenue may be adversely affected by renewals of retransmission consent agreements and network affiliation agreements, by consolidation of cable or satellite television systems, by new technologies for the distribution of broadcast programming, or by revised government regulations. \n As our retransmission consent agreements expire, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew them at comparable or better rates. As a result, retransmission revenues could decrease and retransmission revenue growth could decline over time. If a multichannel video programming distributor (an “MVPD”) in our markets acquires additional distribution systems, our retransmission revenue could be adversely affected if our retransmission agreement with the acquiring MVPD has lower rates or a longer term than our retransmission agreement with the MVPD whose systems are being sold. \n The use of new technologies to redistribute broadcast programming, such as those that rely upon the Internet to deliver video programming or those that receive and record broadcast signals over the air via an antenna and then retransmit that information digitally to customers’ television sets, specialty set-top boxes, or computer or mobile devices, could adversely affect our retransmission revenue if such technologies are not found to be subject to copyright or other legal restrictions or to regulations that apply to MVPDs such as cable operators or satellite carriers. \n Changes in the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”) or the FCC’s rules with respect to the negotiation of retransmission consent agreements between broadcasters and MVPDs could also adversely impact our ability to negotiate acceptable retransmission consent agreements. In addition, continued consolidation among cable television operators could adversely impact our ability to negotiate acceptable retransmission consent agreements. \n There are proceedings before the FCC and legislation has been proposed in Congress reexamining policies that now protect television stations' rights to control the distribution of their programming within their local service areas. For example, the FCC is considering the degree to which an entity relying upon the Internet to deliver video programming should be subject to the regulations that apply to MVPDs. Should the FCC determine that Internet-based distributors may avoid its MVPD rules, broadcasters' ability to rely on the protection of the MVPD retransmission consent requirements and other regulations could be jeopardized. We cannot predict the outcome of these and other proceedings that address the use of new technologies to challenge traditional means of redistributing broadcast programming or their possible impact on our operations. \n Our television stations will continue to be subject to government regulations which, if revised, could adversely affect our operating results. \n • Pursuant to FCC rules, local television stations must elect every three years to either (1) require cable operators and/or direct broadcast satellite carriers to carry the stations’ over the air signals or (2) enter into retransmission consent negotiations for carriage. At present, all of our stations have retransmission consent agreements with cable operators and satellite carriers. If our retransmission consent agreements are terminated or not renewed, or if our broadcast signals are distributed on less-favorable terms, our ability to compete effectively may be adversely affected. \n • If we cannot renew our FCC broadcast licenses, our broadcast operations will be impaired. Our business will depend upon maintaining our broadcast licenses from the FCC, which has the authority to revoke licenses, not renew them, or renew them only with significant qualifications, including renewals for less than a full term. We cannot assure that future renewal applications will be approved, or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications that could adversely affect operations. If the FCC fails to renew any of these licenses, it could prevent us from operating the affected stations. If the FCC renews a license with substantial conditions or modifications (including renewing the license for a term of fewer than eight years), it could have a material adverse effect on the affected station’s revenue potential. \n • As discussed under Federal Regulation of Broadcasting, the FCC is in the process of completing an auction in which some television licensees voluntarily auctioned away their spectrum rights. After this auction, an undetermined number of the remaining television stations will have their licenses modified to specify new operating frequencies and/or new transmitter locations, and the FCC is setting tight deadlines for the completion of these facility changes in order to make the reallocated spectrum promptly available to the wireless service buyers. Depending on the number of such relocations required and other factors such as the availability of specialized technical assistance and custom-made equipment, weather issues, and, for stations near international \n borders, the cooperation of foreign governments, some stations could confront substantial costs and difficulty in completing these relocations within the allotted time, adversely affecting these stations’ over-the-air service. \n • As also discussed under Federal Regulation of Broadcasting, the FCC is expected to promptly consider broadcasters’ proposal to permit the voluntary use of a new digital television transmission standard, ATSC 3.0, that is incompatible with the existing standard. Much uncertainty exists concerning the costs, benefits, and public acceptance of the services expected to become possible under this new standard, and television stations could be adversely affected by moving either too quickly or too slowly towards its adoption. \n • The FCC and other government agencies are continually considering proposals intended to promote consumer interests. New government regulations affecting the television industry could raise programming costs, restrict broadcasters’ operating flexibility, reduce advertising revenues, raise the costs of delivering broadcast signals, or otherwise affect operating results. We cannot predict the nature or scope of future government regulation or its impact on our operations. \n Sustained increases in costs of employee health and welfare plans and funding requirements of our pension obligations may reduce the cash available for our business. \n Employee compensation and benefits account for a significant portion of our total operating expenses. In recent years, we have experienced significant increases in employee benefit costs. Various factors may continue to put upward pressure on the cost of providing medical benefits. Although we actively seek to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the profitability of our businesses. \n At December 31, 2016 , the projected benefit obligations of our defined benefit pension plans exceeded plan assets by $213 million . Accrual of service credits are frozen under both defined benefit pension plans, including those covered under supplemental executive retirement plans. These pension plans invest in a variety of equity and debt securities, many of which were affected by the disruption in the credit and capital markets in 2008 and 2009. Future volatility and disruption in the stock and bond markets could cause declines in the asset values of these plans. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine minimum funding requirements could result in increased future contributions. If either occurs, we may need to make additional pension contributions above what is currently estimated, which could reduce the cash available for our businesses. \n We may be unable to effectively integrate any new business we acquire. \n We may make future acquisitions and could face integration challenges and acquired businesses could significantly under-perform relative to our expectations. If acquisitions are not successfully integrated, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected, and impairment charges may result if acquired businesses significantly under perform relative to our expectations. \n We will continue to face cybersecurity and similar risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, disruption of operations, damage to our brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses. \n Security breaches, malware or other “cyber attacks” could harm our business by disrupting delivery of services, jeopardizing our confidential information and that of our vendors and clients, and damaging our reputation. Our operations are routinely involved in receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information. Although we monitor security measures regularly, any unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, theft of data, network disruption, denial of service, or similar act by any party could disrupt the integrity, continuity, and security of our systems or the systems of our clients or vendors. These events, or our failure to employ new technologies, revise processes and invest in people to sustain our ability to defend against cyber threats, could create financial liability, regulatory sanction, or a loss of confidence in our ability to protect information, and adversely affect our revenue by causing the loss of current or potential clients. \n We may be required to satisfy certain indemnification obligations to Journal Media Group or may not be able to collect on indemnification rights from Journal Media Group. \n Under the terms of the master agreement governing the Scripps/Journal transaction, we (as successor to Journal) will indemnify Journal Media Group, and Journal Media Group will indemnify us (as successor to Journal), for all damages, liabilities and expenses resulting from a breach by the applicable party of the covenants contained in the master agreement that continued in effect after the April 1, 2015, closing. We (as successor to Journal) will indemnify Journal Media Group for all damages, liabilities and expenses incurred by it relating to the entities, assets and liabilities retained by Scripps or Journal, and Journal Media Group will indemnify us (as successor to Journal) for all damages, liabilities and expenses incurred by it relating to Journal Media Group’s entities, assets and liabilities. \n In addition, we will indemnify Journal Media Group, and Journal Media Group will indemnify us, for all damages, liabilities and expenses resulting from a breach by the other of any of the representations, warranties or covenants contained in the tax matters agreements. Journal Media Group will also indemnify us for all damages, liabilities and expenses arising out of any tax imposed with respect to the Scripps newspaper spin-off if such tax is attributable to any act, any failure to act or any omission by Journal Media Group or any of its subsidiaries. We will indemnify Journal Media Group for all damages, liabilities and expenses relating to pre-closing taxes or taxes imposed on Journal Media Group or its subsidiaries because Scripps spin entity or Journal spin entity was part of the consolidated return of Scripps or Journal, and Journal Media Group will indemnify us for all damages, liabilities and expenses relating to post-closing taxes of Journal Media Group or its subsidiaries. \n The indemnification obligations described above could be significant and we cannot presently determine the amount, if any, of indemnification obligations for which we will be liable or for which we will seek payment from Journal Media Group.  Journal Media Group’s ability to satisfy these indemnities will depend upon future financial performance. Similarly, our ability to satisfy any such obligations to Journal Media Group will depend on our future financial performance. We cannot assure that we will have the ability to satisfy any substantial obligations to Journal Media Group or that Journal Media Group will have the ability to satisfy any substantial indemnity obligations to us. \n Journal Media Group is a party to a merger agreement pursuant to which it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Gannett Co., Inc. in the first quarter of 2016. The completion of this merger did not change the indemnification obligations of Scripps or Journal Media Group described above nor did it result in Gannett Co., Inc. itself bearing any responsibility to fulfill Journal Media Group's obligations to us. \n Risks Related to the Ownership of Scripps Class A Common Shares \n Certain descendants of Edward W. Scripps own approximately 93% of Scripps Common Voting shares and are signatories to the Scripps Family Agreement, which governs the transfer and voting of Common Voting shares held by them . \n As a result of the foregoing, these descendants have the ability to elect two-thirds of the Board of Directors and to direct the outcome of any matter on which the Ohio Revised Code (“ORC”) does not require a vote of our Class A Common shares.  Under our articles of incorporation, holders of Class A Common shares vote only for the election of one-third of the Board of Directors and are not entitled to vote on any matter other than a limited number of matters expressly set forth in the ORC as requiring a separate vote of both classes of stock. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction, the market price of our Class A Common shares could be adversely affected. \n We have the ability to issue preferred stock, which could affect the rights of holders of our Class A Common shares. \n Our articles of incorporation allow the Board of Directors to issue and set the terms of 25 million shares of preferred stock. The terms of any such preferred stock, if issued, may adversely affect the dividend, liquidation and other rights of holders of our Class A Common shares. \n The public price and trading volume of our Class A Common shares may be volatile. \n The price and trading volume of our Class A Common shares may be volatile and subject to fluctuation. Some of the factors that could cause fluctuation in the stock price or trading volume of Class A Common shares include: \n • general market and economic conditions and market trends, including in the television and radio broadcast industries and the financial markets generally; \n • the political, economic and social situation in the United States; \n • variations in quarterly operating results; \n • inability to meet revenue projections; \n • announcements by us or competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments or other business developments; \n • adoption of new accounting standards affecting the broadcast industry; \n • operations of competitors and the performance of competitors’ common stock; \n • litigation and governmental action involving or affecting us or our subsidiaries; \n • changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; \n • recruitment of key personnel; \n • purchases or sales of blocks of our Class A Common shares; \n • operating and stock performance of companies that investors may consider to be comparable to us; and \n • changes in the regulatory environment, including rulemaking or other actions by the FCC. \n There can be no assurance that the price of our Class A Common shares will not fluctuate or decline significantly. The stock market in recent years has experienced considerable price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of individual companies and that could adversely affect the price of our Class A Common shares, regardless of the company’s operating performance. Stock price volatility might be higher if the trading volume of our Class A Common shares is low. Furthermore, shareholders may initiate securities class action lawsuits if the market price of our Class A Common shares declines significantly, which may cause us to incur substantial costs and divert the time and attention of our management.