Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not
compete effectively. 
 All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and
compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the
competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior, which is discussed in the risk factor immediately below under the heading “Changes in consumer behavior driven by new technologies and distribution platforms for viewing content may
adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.” 
 Competition for our cable services consists primarily of
DBS providers and phone companies with fiber-based networks that typically offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to ours. In 2015, AT&T, our largest phone company competitor, acquired DirecTV, the nation’s largest
DBS provider to create an even larger competitor that also has its own wireless phone facilities, which we do not, and in 2016, announced a proposed merger with Time Warner, a media and entertainment company. Some of these competitors have begun
offering smaller packages of channels at price points lower than our standard packages, both through traditional and online distribution platforms, which could cause us to offer more customized programming packages that may be less profitable. In
addition, if consolidation between wireless distributors and content providers occurs, some of our competitors may offer free or lower cost streaming services for viewing their content through unlimited data-usage plans for their Internet or
wireless phone serv- 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 ices. Additional companies, some with significant financial resources, continue to enter or are seeking to enter the video distribution market, primarily by offering online video programming
services that can be viewed live, through streaming services or by downloading. 
 Current and future wireless Internet services, such as
3G, 4G and 5G wireless broadband services and 
 networks, and devices such as wireless data cards, tablets and smartphones, and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our
high-speed Internet services. Our voice services are facing increased competition as customers replace wireline phones with wireless and Internet-based phone services. 
 Wi-Fi 
 Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed Internet and business services businesses and by launching additional
services, such as our home security and automation services. There can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our Cable Communications segment revenue, maintain our Cable
Communications segment operating margin, or to compete successfully in the future. 
 Each of NBCUniversal’s businesses also faces
substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. NBCUniversal must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in
operating these businesses. 
 The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation
among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not
have an adverse effect on our businesses. For a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see Item 1: Business and refer to the “Competition” discussion within that section. 
 Changes in consumer behavior driven by new technologies and distribution platforms for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and
challenge existing business models. 
 New technologies and platforms for the distribution, sale and viewing of content have been, and
will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. These technologies and distribution platforms are driving changes in consumer behavior as
consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services. 
 While our cable
communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying our X1 platform, cloud DVR technology and apps such as Netflix on our X1 set top boxes, new and traditional competitors, as well as some
programming networks, continue to launch subscription video on demand services, live online broadcast and cable television streaming services and downloading services that can be viewed on television sets, computers, smartphones and tablets. Many of
these service offerings charge no fee or a lower fee than our traditional video packages for access to their content, which could have an adverse effect on demand for our video services, including for expanded digital video packages, premium
networks, and our DVR and On Demand services. 
 New technologies and distribution platforms, together with an increasing number of
companies offering their content directly to consumers over the Internet, including some that also offer exclusive high-quality original 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 video programming, have increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation. The increase in entertainment choices has and may
continue to reduce the number of subscribers to our cable networks. Time-shifting technologies, such as DVRs and cloud-based recording services and video on demand services, reduce the viewing of content through traditional linear television
distribution outlets. Reduced viewing of our content through traditional linear television distribution outlets has caused and will likely continue to cause audience ratings declines for NBCUniversal’s linear television content and may
adversely affect the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us and the amount NBCUniversal receives for distribution of its content. 
 The success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, could have an
adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations. 
 A decline in advertisers’ expenditures or
changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses. 
 Our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast
television businesses compete for the sale of advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as digital media, as well as radio and print. We derive substantial revenue from the
sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific
advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of viewers and audience fragmentation, the growing use of new technologies, or the economy in general. In addition, advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from us
may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which many of our networks have experienced and likely will continue to experience. Advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be
negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. For example, certain methods of viewing content, such as delayed viewing on DVRs or viewing content online, might not be counted in audience measurements or may
generate less, if any, revenue than traditional distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue. Reductions in advertisers’ expenditures could adversely affect our revenue and businesses. 
 Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. 
 Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our
competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. For example, current and new wireless Internet technologies such as 4G and 5G wireless broadband services continue to evolve rapidly to
allow for greater speed and reliability, and some companies and municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast Internet access speeds. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If
we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on
our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1, X1 
 boxes, wireless gateways and cloud DVR technology, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete
successfully in the future. We also may incur increased costs if changes in our competitors’ product offerings require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we make
additional research and development expenditures. 
 set-top 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose
additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. 
 Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video, high-speed
Internet and voice services industries. Our broadcast television business is also highly regulated by federal laws and regulations. Our cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks businesses are also subject to various other laws and
regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels, including laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which have become more stringent over time, and the safety of consumer products and theme park operations. In
addition, we are subject to the NBCUniversal Order and the NBCUniversal Consent Decree, which have imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the treatment of competitors and other matters. In recent years, the FCC and certain states
also have been more active in conducting inquiries 
 and reviews regarding our services, and this trend may continue. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement
actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. For a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see Item 1: Business and refer to the “Legislation and Regulation” discussion
within that section. 
 Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could
have an adverse effect on our businesses. 
 Legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and
sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones, which may significantly affect our businesses. In addition, in recent years, the FCC and certain states have been more active in
considering rulemakings and legislation regarding our services. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. In
addition, Congress is expected to consider proposals to address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the entire Communications Act to account for changes in the communications marketplace, whether it should address the
FCC’s authority to implement or enforce open Internet regulations, and whether it should fund new broadband infrastructure. We are unable to predict the effects of any of these or any other further legislative requirements on our businesses,
nor can we predict how the FCC or other agencies under the new Administration will address regulatory matters affecting our businesses. Any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have a
negative impact on our businesses and results of operations. 
 Programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could
adversely affect our Cable Communications segment’s video business. 
 We expect programming expenses for our video services to
continue to be our Cable Communications segment’s largest single expense item and to increase in the foreseeable future. The multichannel video provider industry has experienced continued increases in the cost of programming, especially sports
programming, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. Our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery
platforms, such as On Demand or streaming services. Additionally, in the past few years, we have begun paying certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming
to our video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. These market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media
industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. If we are unable to raise our customers’ rates or offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse
effect on our Cable Communications segment’s results of operations. Moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which
case we may be unable to provide such content as part of our video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 NBCUniversal’s success depends on consumer acceptance of its content, and its businesses may
be adversely affected if its content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase. 
 Most of NBCUniversal’s businesses create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The
success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute cable network and broadcast television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing
preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial funds in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television
networks, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance. 
 We also
obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. Competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and
we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. Entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs.
Particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size,
the ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers for the content, and the timing and amount of our rights payments. There can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will
exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable
terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected. 
 The loss of NBCUniversal’s programming distribution agreements, or
the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect its businesses. 
 Our cable networks depend on their
ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with multichannel video providers, and if a network does not attract sufficient viewers, multichannel video providers may decide not to distribute the network. Our broadcast television networks
depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. In addition, every three years,
each of our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its DMA, either “must-carry” status, in which the distributor’s carriage of the station is
mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or “retransmission consent,” in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the
distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor. All of our NBC and Telemundo owned local broadcast television stations have elected retransmission consent through December 31, 2017.
Increasingly, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses have entered into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms, including subscription video on demand
services, and some multichannel video providers are offering smaller packages of channels as part of their streaming and linear television programming packages. In addition, certain online entities may stream our broadcast television content online
without our consent and without paying any compensation to us. As a result, there can be no assurance that any of our distribution agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The loss of any of these agreements, or the
renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce our distribution revenue and the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect our cable networks, broadcast
television and filmed entertainment businesses. 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a
disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses. 
 Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations and
programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive
or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks, terrorist
attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers, a reduction in demand for our theme parks or damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation. These events
also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future, and any such events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 In addition, we may obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and
may provide this information to third parties, in connection with our business. While we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. Any security breaches, such
as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend
significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach, and could cause regulators to impose fines or other remedies for failure to comply with relevant customer privacy rules. 
 The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many lines of business, and our lines of
business may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and the fact that we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form stored on cloud servers. In
the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts to cause such systems-related events and security breaches, and we have experienced minor systems-related events that, to date, have not resulted in any significant degradation or
disruption to our network or information systems or our services or operations. While we develop and maintain systems, and operate a comprehensive security program, seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the
development, maintenance and operation of these systems and programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite any efforts to prevent
these events and security breaches, there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such
events or security breaches likely would not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have an
adverse effect on our business. 
 We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. 
 We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide
certain of our services. Some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. While we actively monitor the operations and
financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively
mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 equipment or services we need in a timely manner or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected. 
 Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Weak economic
conditions could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. For example, customers may reduce the level of cable services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue
subscribing to one or more of our cable services. This risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as subscription video on demand services, or substitute services for our high-speed Internet
and voice services, such as mobile phones, smartphones and 
 networks. Weak economic conditions also may have a negative impact on our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home
entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks. Weak economic conditions and turmoil in the global financial markets may also impair the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us, and any disruption in the
global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing or refinance any existing debt on acceptable terms. 
 Wi-Fi 
 Our
businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 
 We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies,
conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on
unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. We may need to change
our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be
time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our
businesses could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of
NBCUniversal’s businesses, and its success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content it creates or acquires against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. The unauthorized
reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs
due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights. 
 Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and
the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of
high-quality unauthorized copies. In particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution on DVDs, 
 computer networks and other
platforms continues to present challenges for our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. While piracy is a challenge in the United States, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed
copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the United States. If any U.S. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or
weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may 
 peer-to-peer 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase. See Item 1: Business and refer to the “Legislation and Regulation — Other Areas of Regulation —
Intellectual Property” discussion for additional information. 
 Acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks,
and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated. 
 From time to time, we make acquisitions and
investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives, including, for example, with respect to our wireless strategy. In connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated
benefits, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or
initiatives. For example, our launch of a wireless phone service in 2017 using virtual network operator rights from a third party will have success-based working capital requirements, primarily associated with the procurement of handsets and other
equipment, as we launch the service, which could have negative effects on our cash flows. Additionally, regulatory agencies, such as the FCC or DOJ, may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory
approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives, or may dissuade us from pursing certain transactions. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 
 Labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses. 
 Many of NBCUniversal’s employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel and others, as well
as some of our 
 and creative talent employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. Most of NBCUniversal’s collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide
agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. If we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by
that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. There can be no assurance that we
will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages. 
 on-air 
 In addition, our cable networks and broadcast television networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events,
including certain NFL, NHL, NBA and MLB games. Labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 
 The loss of key management personnel or popular 
 and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 
 on-air 
 We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. While we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key
management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a
negative impact on our businesses. In addition, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses depend on the abilities and expertise of our 
 and creative talent. If we fail
to retain our 
 or creative talent, if the costs to retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our
businesses could be adversely affected. 
 on-air 
 on-air 
 We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our
businesses. 
 We, primarily through NBCUniversal, operate our businesses worldwide. There are risks inherent in doing business
internationally, including global financial market turmoil; economic volatility and the global economic 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 slowdown; currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures; the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and
sale of advertising; import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations; difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and
regulations; and potentially adverse tax developments. In addition, doing business internationally subjects us to risks relating to political or social unrest, corruption and government regulation, including U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. If any of these events occur, our businesses may be adversely affected. 
 Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our company
through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock. 
 Our Class B common stock has a
nondilutable 33 
 % of
the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the
number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the Class B common stock in the
form of Class B or Class A common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if
they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. These potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving Comcast
Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the
combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of Class B common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or 
 that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common stock. Brian L. Roberts, our chairman and CEO, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and,
accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the Class B common stock, which could be at a premium. 
 by-laws 
 Comcast 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K