RISK FACTORS 
 Our business and operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under “Business-Recent Developments” and the following: 
 Risks Related to the Telecommunications Industry 
 Intensifying competition in all segments of our business may limit our ability to sustain profitable operations. 
 As new technologies are developed and deployed by competitors in our service area, some of our subscribers may select other providers’ offerings based on price, capabilities and personal preferences.  Most of our competitors possess greater resources, have more extensive coverage areas, and offer more services than we do.  If significant numbers of our subscribers elect to move to other competing providers, or if market saturation limits the rate of new subscriber additions, we may not be able to sustain profitable operations. 
 Nationwide, incumbent local exchange carriers have experienced a decrease in access lines due to the effect of wireless and wireline competition and the elimination of second lines dedicated to dial-up Internet as customers migrate to broadband connections.  We have experienced modest reductions in the number of access lines to date, but based on industry experience we anticipate that the long-term trend toward declining telephone subscriber counts will continue for the foreseeable future.  There is a significant risk that this downward trend could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s landline telephone operations in the future. 
 The Company’s revenue from fiber leases may be adversely impacted by price competition for these facilities. The Company monitors each of its fiber lease customers to minimize the risk related to this business. 
 Alternative technologies, changes in the regulatory environment and current uncertainties in the marketplace may reduce future demand for existing telecommunication services. 
 The telecommunications industry is experiencing significant technological change, evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology, shorter development cycles for new products and enhancements and changes in end-user requirements and preferences.  Technological advances, industry changes, changes in the regulatory environment, and the availability of additional blocks of spectrum or additional flexibility with respect to the use of currently available spectrum could cause the technology we use to become obsolete.  We and our vendors may not be able to respond to such changes and implement new technology on a timely basis, or at an acceptable cost. 
 The recession in the United States or continued adverse economic conditions in our market area involving significantly reduced consumer spending could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 Our customers are individual consumers and businesses that provide goods and services to others, and are located in a relatively concentrated geographic area.  The on-going national economic downturn, restricted credit markets, and high unemployment rates could continue to depress consumer spending and harm our operating performance.  In addition, any adverse economic conditions that affect our geographic markets in particular could have further negative impacts on our results. 
 Regulation by government and taxing agencies may increase our costs of providing service or require changes in services, either of which could impair our financial performance. 
 Our operations are subject to varying degrees of regulation by the FCC, the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, as well as by state and local regulatory agencies.  Action by these regulatory bodies could negatively affect our operations and our costs of doing business.  For example, changes in tax laws or the interpretation of existing tax laws by state and local authorities could increase income, sales, property or other tax costs. 
 Our access revenue may be adversely impacted by legislative or regulatory actions, or technology developments, that decrease access rates or exempt certain traffic from paying for access to our regulated telephone network. 
 On October 27, 2011, the FCC adopted a number of broad changes to the intercarrier compensation rules governing the interstate access rates charged by small-to-mid-sized ILECs such as Shenandoah Telephone.  For example, the FCC adopted a national “bill and keep” framework, which may result in substantial reductions in the access charges paid by long distance carriers and other interconnecting carriers, possibly to zero, accompanied by increases to the subscriber line charges paid by business and residential end users. In addition, the FCC has changed some of the rules that determine what compensation carriers, including but not limited to wireless carriers, competitive local exchange carriers, VoIP providers and providers of other Internet-enabled services, should pay (and receive) for their traffic that is interconnected with ILEC networks.  Although the legality of the FCC’s recent changes to the ICC rules have been challenged by various parties, these changes, and potential future changes, to such compensation regulations could increase our expenses or reduce our revenues. 
 The VSCC has jurisdiction over local telephone companies’ intrastate access charges, and has indicated in the past that it might open a generic proceeding on the rates charged for intrastate access.   The VSCC issued a Final Order on August 9, 2011 that requires elimination of common carrier line charges in three stages.  Pursuant to the order, the Company’s revenue is expected to decline by approximately $0.3 million annually beginning in 2012 until such charges are eliminated by mid-2014. 
 Risks Related to our Overall Business Strategy 
 We may not benefit from our acquisition strategy. 
 As part of our business strategy, we regularly evaluate opportunities to enhance the value of our company by pursuing acquisitions of other businesses, and we intend to evaluate whether to pursue such strategic acquisition opportunities as they arise, though we remain subject to financial and other covenants in our credit agreements that contain restrictions as to the opportunities we may be able to pursue. We cannot provide any assurance, however, with respect to the timing, likelihood, size or financial effect of any potential transaction involving our company, as we may not be successful in identifying and consummating any acquisition or in integrating any newly acquired business into our operations. 
 The evaluation of business acquisition opportunities and the integration of any acquired businesses pose a number of significant risks, including the following: 
 acquisitions may place significant strain on our management, financial and other resources by requiring us to expend a substantial amount of time and resources in the pursuit of acquisitions that we may not complete, or to devote significant attention to the various integration efforts of any newly acquired businesses, all of which will require the allocation of limited resources; 
 acquisitions may not have a positive impact on our cash flows or financial performance, even if acquired companies eventually contribute to an increase in our cash flows or profitability, because the acquisitions may adversely affect our operating results in the short term as a result of transaction-related expenses we will have to pay or the higher operating and administrative expenses we may incur in the periods immediately following an acquisition as we seek to integrate the acquired business into our operations; 
 we may not be able to eliminate as many redundant costs as we anticipate; 
 our operating and financial systems and controls and information services may not be compatible with those of the companies we may acquire and may not be adequate to support our integration efforts, and any steps we take to improve these systems and controls may not be sufficient; 
 our business plans and projections used to justify the acquisitions and expansion investments are based on assumptions of revenues per subscriber, penetration rates in specific markets where we operate, and expected operating costs.  These assumptions may not develop as projected which may negatively impact our profitability; 
 growth through acquisitions will increase our need for qualified personnel, who may not be available to us or, if they were employed by a business we acquire, remain with us after the acquisition; and 
 acquired businesses may have unexpected liabilities and contingencies, which could be significant. 
 Our ability to comply with the financial covenants in our credit agreements depends primarily on our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow. 
 Our ability to comply with the financial covenants under the agreements governing our secured credit facilities will depend primarily on our success in generating sufficient operating cash flow. Under our credit agreements, we are subject to a total leverage ratio covenant, a minimum debt service coverage ratio covenant, a minimum equity to assets ratio covenant, and a minimum liquidity balance covenant. Industry conditions and financial, business and other factors, including those we identify as risk factors in this and our other reports, will affect our ability to generate the cash flows we need to meet those financial tests and ratios. Our failure to meet the tests or ratios could result in a default and acceleration of repayment of the indebtedness under our credit facilities. If the maturity of our indebtedness were accelerated, we would not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness. In such event, our lenders would be entitled to proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness, which includes substantially our entire assets, to the extent permitted by our credit agreements and applicable law. 
 Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and ability to compete. 
 As of December 31, 2011, we have approximately $180.6 million of total long-term indebtedness, including the current portion of such indebtedness. Our substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it may: 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a significant portion of our borrowings may continue to be at variable rates of interest; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds to alleviate liquidity constraints, as a result of financial and other restrictive covenants in our credit agreements; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies that have less indebtedness. 
 In addition, our secured credit facilities impose operating and financial restrictions that limit our discretion on some business matters, which could make it more difficult for us to expand, finance our operations and engage in other business activities that may be in our interest. These restrictions limit our ability and that of our subsidiaries to: 
 incur additional indebtedness and additional liens on our assets; 
 engage in mergers or acquisitions or dispose of assets; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions; 
 voluntarily prepay other indebtedness; 
 enter into transactions with affiliated persons; 
 make investments; and 
 change the nature of our business. 
 In addition to the term loan secured indebtedness we have incurred, and the $50 million of revolving credit indebtedness we may incur from time to time, we may incur additional indebtedness under our credit facilities. Any additional indebtedness we may incur in the future may subject us to similar or even more restrictive conditions. 
 Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability in the future to generate cash flows from operations and to raise additional funds, including through the offering of equity or debt securities. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to raise additional funds in amounts necessary for us to repay our indebtedness when such indebtedness becomes due and to meet our other cash needs. 
 Risks Related to the Wireless Industry 
 New disclosure or usage requirements could adversely affect the results of our wireless operations. 
 The FCC is considering imposing additional consumer protection requirements upon wireless service providers, including billing-related disclosures and usage alerts.  Such requirements could increase costs related to or impact the amount of revenue we receive from our wireless services. 
 Customer concerns over radio frequency emissions may discourage use of wireless handsets or expose us to potential litigation. 
 Media reports have suggested that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets may be linked to various health problems, including cancer, and may interfere with various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers.  Any decrease in demand for wireless services, increases in the costs of litigation, or damage awards resulting from customer concern regarding such emissions could impair our ability to sustain profitable operations. 
 Regulation by government or potential litigation relating to the use of wireless phones while driving could adversely affect the results of our wireless operations. 
 Some studies have indicated that some aspects of using wireless phones while driving may impair drivers' attention in certain circumstances, making accidents more likely.  These concerns could lead to litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injuries, or to new restrictions or regulations on wireless phone use.  A number of state and local governments are considering or have enacted legislation that would restrict or prohibit the use of a wireless handset while driving a vehicle or, alternatively, require the use of a hands-free telephone.  Legislation of this nature, if enacted, may require wireless service providers to supply to their subscribers hands-free enhanced services, such as voice activated dialing and hands-free speaker phones and headsets, in order to continue generating revenue from subscribers, who make many of their calls while on the road.  If we are unable to provide hands-free services and products to subscribers in a timely and adequate fashion, the volume of wireless phone usage would likely decrease, and the ability of our wireless operations to generate revenues would suffer. 
 Risks Related to our PCS Business 
 The performance of Shenandoah Personal Communications Company, our largest operating subsidiary in terms of revenues and assets, may be adversely affected by any interruption in, or other adverse change to, Sprint Nextel’s business. 
 We rely on Sprint Nextel’s ongoing operations to continue to offer our PCS subscribers the seamless national services that we currently provide.  Any interruption in, or other adverse change to, Sprint Nextel’s business could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.  Our business could also be adversely affected if competing national or regional wireless carriers are able to introduce new products and services or otherwise satisfy customers’ service demands more rapidly or more effectively than Sprint Nextel. 
 Our participation in Sprint Nextel’s network modernization plan may affect our operating results, liquidity and financial position. 
 Sprint Nextel has announced a network modernization plan, known as Network Vision that incorporates upgrades and improvements to its wireless networks, with the intention of improving voice quality, coverage and data speeds and simultaneously reducing future operating costs.  We have recently agreed to implement this plan in our service areas. 
 Our participation in the Network Vision plan will require significant capital expenditures and result in increased operating costs.  While we may be able to fund such costs from operations and currently available credit facilities, an amendment to our credit facilities may be required.  Whether such an amendment could be agreed to with our lenders would depend upon the specifics of the proposal, and there is no guarantee that such an amendment would be forthcoming. 
 The success of the Network Vision plan will depend on the timing, extent and cost of implementation; the performance of third parties; and our ability to negotiate favorable terms with partners, vendors, and lenders 
 If Network Vision does not provide an enhanced network experience, our ability to provide enhanced wireless services to our customers, to retain and attract customers, and to maintain and grow our customer revenues could be adversely affected.  Should implementation of the Network Vision plan be delayed or costs exceed expected amounts, our margins would be adversely affected and such effects could be material.  Should the delivery of services expected to be deployed on the upgraded network be delayed due to technological constraints, performance of third-party suppliers, or other reasons, the cost of providing such services could become higher than expected, which could produce higher costs to customers, potentially resulting in the loss of customers to our competitors, and adversely affecting our revenues, profitability and cash flows from operations. 
 Our business may suffer as a result of competitive pressures. 
 Our revenue growth is primarily dependent on the growth of the subscriber base and average monthly revenues per user.  Competitive pressures may adversely affect our ability to increase our future revenues.  A continuation of competitive pressures in the wireless telecommunications market has caused some major carriers to offer plans with increasingly larger bundles of minutes of use and data services at lower prices that may compete with the Sprint Nextel wireless plans we sell.  Increased price competition may lead to lower average monthly revenues per user. 
 We may not be able to implement our business plan if our operating costs are higher than we anticipate. 
 Increased competition may lead to higher promotional costs, losses on sales of handsets and other costs to acquire subscribers.  If these costs are more than we anticipate, the actual amount of funds available to implement our operating strategy and business plan may fall short of our estimates. 
 The dynamic nature of the wireless market may limit management’s ability to correctly identify causes of volatility in key operating performance measures. 
 Our business plan and estimated future operating results are based on estimates of key operating performance measures, including subscriber growth, subscriber turnover (commonly known as churn), average monthly revenue per subscriber, losses on sales of handsets and other subscriber acquisition costs and other operating costs.  The dynamic nature of the wireless market, economic conditions, increased competition in the wireless telecommunications industry, the entry of new competitors due to recent or future FCC spectrum auctions, new service offerings by Sprint Nextel or competitors at lower prices, and other issues facing the wireless telecommunications industry in general have created a level of uncertainty that may adversely affect our ability to predict these key measures. 
 We may experience a high rate of subscriber turnover, which could adversely affect our future financial performance. 
 Subscriber turnover, or churn, has been relatively stable in recent years.  Because of significant competition in the industry in general, the popularity of prepaid wireless service offerings, changes to Sprint Nextel’s competitive position in particular and the overall economic downturn, among other factors, this relative stability may not continue and the future rate of subscriber turnover may be higher than rates in recent periods.  Factors that may contribute to higher churn include the following: 
 inability or unwillingness of subscribers to pay, which would result in involuntary deactivations; 
 subscriber mix and credit class, particularly an increase in sub-prime credit subscribers; 
 competition of products, services and pricing of other providers; 
 increases in the popularity of prepaid services, which historically have higher churn than postpaid services; 
 inadequate network performance and coverage relative to that provided by competitors in our service area; 
 inadequate customer service; 
 increased prices; and, 
 any future changes by Sprint Nextel or the Company in the products and services offered. 
 A high rate of subscriber turnover could increase the sales and marketing costs we incur in obtaining new subscribers, especially because, consistent with industry practice, we subsidize some of the costs related to the purchases of handsets by subscribers. 
 We may incur significantly higher wireless handset subsidy costs than we anticipate for existing subscribers who upgrade to a new handset. 
 As our subscriber base matures, and technological innovations occur, we anticipate that existing subscribers will continue to upgrade to new wireless handsets.  To discourage customer defections to competitors, we subsidize a portion of the price of wireless handsets and in some cases incur sales commissions for handset upgrades.  If more subscribers upgrade to new wireless handsets than we project, or if the cost of such handsets increases or the amount of handset subsidies offered in the competitive marketplace increases more than we project, our results of operations would be adversely affected.  If we do not continue to subsidize the cost of the handsets for handset upgrades, subscribers could choose to deactivate the service and move to other carriers. 
 If we are unable to secure and retain tower sites, the level of service we provide could be adversely affected. 
 Many of our cell sites are co-located on leased tower facilities shared with one or more wireless providers.  A large portion of these leased tower sites are owned by a limited number of companies.  If economic conditions affect the leasing company, our lease may be affected and the ability to remain on the tower at reasonable rates could be jeopardized, which could leave portions of our service area without service and increase customer turnover. 
 Most of the towers that we own are located on leased real property.  If such leases were not renewed, we could be forced to relocate our cell site, which would create significant additional expenses, or leave portions of our service area without service, increasing the likelihood of customer turnover. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with Sprint Nextel 
 Sprint Nextel may make business decisions that are not in our best interests, which may adversely affect our relationships with subscribers in our territory, increase our expenses and decrease our revenues. 
 Under its agreements with us, Sprint Nextel has a substantial amount of control over the conduct of our PCS business.  Accordingly, Sprint Nextel may make decisions that could adversely affect our PCS business, such as the following: 
 Sprint Nextel could price its national plans based on its own objectives and could set price levels or other terms that may not be economically advantageous for us; 
 Sprint Nextel could develop products and services, or establish credit policies, that could adversely affect our results of operations; 
 if Sprint Nextel’s costs to perform certain services exceed the costs we expect, subject to limitations under our agreements, Sprint Nextel could seek to increase amounts charged; 
 Sprint Nextel could make decisions that could adversely affect the Sprint Nextel brand names, products or services; 
 Sprint Nextel could make technology and network decisions that could greatly increase our capital investment requirements and our operating costs to continue offering the seamless national service we provide; 
 Sprint Nextel could restrict our ability to offer new services needed to remain competitive.  This could put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other wireless service providers if they begin offering new services in our market areas, increasing our churn and reducing our revenues and operating income from wireless services. 
 Our dependence on Sprint Nextel for services may limit our ability to forecast operating results. 
 Our dependence on Sprint Nextel injects a degree of uncertainty into our business and financial planning.  We may, at times, disagree with Sprint Nextel concerning the applicability, calculation approach, or accuracy of Sprint Nextel-supplied revenue data.  It is our policy to reflect the information supplied by Sprint Nextel in our financial statements for the applicable periods and to make corrections, if any, no earlier than the period in which Sprint Nextel and we agree to the corrections. 
 Inaccuracies in data provided by Sprint Nextel could overstate or understate our expenses or revenues and result in out-of-period adjustments that may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Because Sprint Nextel provides billing and collection services for us, Sprint Nextel remits a significant portion of our total revenues.  We rely on Sprint Nextel to provide accurate, timely and sufficient data and information to enable us to record properly revenues and accounts receivable which underlie a substantial portion of our financial statements and other financial disclosures.  We and Sprint Nextel have previously discovered billing and other errors or inaccuracies, which, while not material to Sprint Nextel, could be material to us.  If we are required in the future to make additional adjustments or incur charges as a result of errors or inaccuracies in data provided by Sprint Nextel, such adjustments or charges could materially affect our financial results for the period with respect to which the adjustments are made or charges are incurred.  Such adjustments or charges could require restatement of our financial statements. 
 We are subject to risks relating to Sprint Nextel’s provision of back office services, and changes in products, services, plans and programs. 
 Any failure by Sprint Nextel to provide high-quality back office services could lead to subscriber dissatisfaction, increased churn or otherwise increased costs.  We rely on Sprint Nextel's internal support systems, including customer care, billing and back office support.  Our operations could be disrupted if Sprint Nextel is unable to provide and expand its internal support systems while maintaining acceptable service levels, or to efficiently outsource those services and systems through third-party vendors. 
 The competitiveness of Sprint Nextel’s PCS products and services is a key factor in our ability to attract and retain subscribers.  Changes in Sprint Nextel’s PCS products and services may reduce subscriber additions, increase subscriber turnover and decrease subscriber credit quality. 
 Sprint Nextel's roaming arrangements to provide service outside of the Sprint Nextel National Network may not be competitive with other wireless service providers, which may restrict our ability to attract and retain subscribers and may increase our costs of doing business. 
 We rely on Sprint Nextel's roaming arrangements with other wireless service providers for coverage in areas where Sprint PCS service is not available.  If customers are not able to roam quickly or efficiently onto other wireless networks, we may lose current subscribers and Sprint PCS wireless services may be less attractive to new subscribers. 
 The risks related to our roaming arrangements include the following: 
 the quality of the service provided by another provider while roaming may not approximate the quality of the service provided by the Sprint Nextel PCS network; 
 the price of a roaming call off network may not be competitive with prices of other wireless companies for roaming calls; 
 customers may not be able to use Sprint Nextel's advanced features, such as voicemail notification, while roaming; and 
 Sprint Nextel or the carriers providing the service may not be able to provide accurate billing information on a timely basis. 
 Some provisions of the Sprint Nextel agreements may diminish the value of our common stock and restrict or diminish the value of our business. 
 Under limited circumstances involving non-renewal of our agreement or a breach by the Company, Sprint Nextel may purchase the operating assets of our PCS operations at a discount of 20% in the event of non-renewal, or 28% in the event of a breach, by the Company. These discounts would be applied to the “entire business value” (“EBV”) as that term is defined in our agreement with Sprint Nextel.  EBV is defined as i) the fair market value of a going concern paid by a willing buyer to a willing seller; ii) valued as if the business will continue to utilize existing brands and operate under existing agreements; and, iii) valued as if Manager (Shentel)  owns the spectrum.  Determination of EBV is made by an independent appraisal process.  In addition, Sprint Nextel must approve any assignment of the Sprint Nextel agreements by us.  Sprint Nextel also has a right of first refusal to purchase our PCS operating assets if we decide to sell those assets to a third party.  These restrictions and other restrictions contained in the Sprint Nextel  agreements could adversely affect the value of our common stock, may limit our ability to sell the foregoing assets on advantageous terms, may reduce the value a buyer would be willing to pay, and may reduce the "entire business value," as described in the Sprint Nextel agreements. 
 We may have difficulty in obtaining an adequate supply of handsets from Sprint Nextel. 
 We depend on our relationship with Sprint Nextel to obtain handsets.  Sprint Nextel orders handsets from various manufacturers.  We could have difficulty obtaining specific types of handsets in a timely manner if: 
 Sprint Nextel does not adequately project the need for handsets, or enter into arrangements for new types of handsets or other customer equipment, for itself, its PCS Affiliates and its other third-party distribution channels, particularly in connection with the transition to new technologies; 
 Sprint Nextel gives preference to other distribution channels; 
 we do not adequately project our need for handsets; 
 Sprint Nextel modifies its handset logistics and delivery plan in a manner that restricts or delays access to handsets; or 
 there is an adverse development in the relationship between Sprint Nextel and its suppliers or vendors. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could disrupt subscribers’ service or result in a decrease in our subscribers. 
 If Sprint Nextel does not continue to enhance its nationwide digital wireless network, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers. 
 Our PCS operations are dependent on Sprint Nextel's national network.  Sprint Nextel's digital wireless network may not provide nationwide coverage to the same extent as the networks of its competitors, which could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers.  Sprint Nextel currently covers a significant portion of the population of the United States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Sprint Nextel offers PCS services, either on its own network or through its roaming agreements, in every part of the United States. 
 Sprint Nextel completed a transaction in which it transferred mobile broadband licenses and business operations to Clearwire Corp. and obtained a majority equity ownership interest in Clearwire, with major cable operators, Google Inc., Intel Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc. and other investors contributing investment capital and obtaining equity in Clearwire.  This transaction was entered with an expectation that Clearwire will expand its broadband networks in large metropolitan areas across the United States and that Sprint Nextel will offer high-speed broadband services (“4G”) in conjunction with Clearwire. 
 Sprint Nextel’s arrangements with Clearwire and the risks associated with the Clearwire venture might adversely affect our business.  At this point, other wireless providers are ahead of Sprint Nextel in deploying their 4G networks.  The introduction of 4G services in our service area by other operators, independent of arrangements with us or before we are able to deploy our own 4G network, might adversely affect our PCS business. 
 If Sprint Nextel’s PCS licenses are not renewed or are revoked, our PCS business would be harmed. 
 Non-renewal or revocation by the FCC of Sprint Nextel's PCS licenses would significantly harm us.  Wireless spectrum licenses are subject to renewal and revocation by the FCC.  There may be opposition to renewal of Sprint Nextel's PCS licenses upon their expiration, and Sprint Nextel's PCS licenses may not be renewed.  The FCC has adopted specific standards to apply to PCS license renewals.  Any failure by Sprint Nextel to comply with these standards could cause revocation or forfeiture of Sprint Nextel's PCS licenses. 
 If Sprint Nextel does not maintain control over its licensed spectrum, our Sprint Nextel agreements may be terminated, which would render us unable to continue providing service to our subscribers. 
 Risks Related to Our Cable Businesses 
 We face risks from increasing competition for the provision of cable and related video services. 
 Incumbent cable companies, which have historically provided video service, face competition from direct broadcast satellite providers, and more recently from large providers of wireline telecommunications services (such as Verizon and AT&T), which have begun to upgrade their networks to provide video services in addition to voice and broadband services. Wireless providers also are entering the market for video services by making such services available on handsets and tablets.  In some areas, direct broadcast satellite providers have partnered with large incumbent telecommunications service providers to offer triple-play services.  Moreover, consumers are increasingly accessing video content from alternative sources, such as internet-based websites and applications.  The influx of competitors in this area, together with the development of new technologies to support them, are resulting in significant changes in the business models and regulatory provisions that have applied to the provision of video and other services. These developments may lead to a decline in the price and profitability of video and other services. 
 Our programming costs are subject to demands for increased payments. 
 The cable television industry has continued to experience an increase in the cost of programming, especially sports programming.  In addition, as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more customers, we incur increased programming expenses.  Broadcasters affiliated with major over-the-air network services have been increasing their demands for cash payments and other concessions for the right to carry local network television signals on our cable systems.  These increased costs cannot always be recouped by increased rates to subscribers.  Moreover, as our programming contracts and retransmission consents with programming providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms. 
 Changes to key regulatory requirements can affect our ability to compete. 
 The Company operates cable television systems in largely rural areas of Virginia, West Virginia and Maryland.  In 2006, Virginia adopted legislation to make it easier for companies to obtain local franchises to provide cable television service.  Also in 2006, the FCC adopted new rules which substantially reduce the cost of obtaining a local franchise.  These rules may make it easier for the Company to expand its cable television business, but also may result in increased competition for such business. 
 As part of its National Broadband Plan Inquiry, the FCC raised several policy issues concerning cable set-top boxes, including whether such boxes should accommodate two-way content from sources other than the cable operator such as Internet web sites.  In addition, current FCC rules require that cable operators allow customers to attach set-top box devices purchased at retail instead of leasing a box from the cable operator.  These devices can access programming from sources that compete with the program offerings of the Company.  These devices, and any rule changes that impose access obligations on the Company’s leased boxes, could reduce demand for the Company’s video products. 
 Any significant impairment of our non-amortizing cable franchise rights would lead to a decrease in our assets and a reduction in our net operating performance. 
 At December 31, 2011, we had non-amortizing intangible assets and goodwill of approximately $75.2 million which constituted approximately 15.7% of total assets at that date.  If we make changes in our business strategy or if market or other conditions adversely affect our cable operations, we may be forced to record an impairment charge, which would lead to a decrease in the Company’s assets and reduction in our net operating performance.  We test goodwill and non-amortizing intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred.  If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and/or the non-amortizing intangible assets, as appropriate, and the fair value of the goodwill and/or non-amortizing intangible assets, in the period in which the determination is made.  The testing of goodwill and non-amortizing intangible assets for impairment requires the Company to make significant estimates about the future performance and cash flows of our Cable segment, as well as other assumptions.  These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including changes in economic, industry or market conditions, changes in underlying business operations, future reporting unit operating performance, changes in competition, or changes in technologies.  Any changes to key assumptions, or actual performance compared with those assumptions, about our Cable segment’s business and its future prospects or other assumptions could affect the fair value of our Cable segment, resulting in an impairment charge. 
 Risks Related To Broadband Services 
 Our broadband services may be adversely impacted by legislative or regulatory changes that affect our ability to develop and offer services or that could expose us to liability from customers or others. 
 The Company provides broadband services to its cable and telephone customers through cable modems and digital subscriber lines (“DSL”), respectively.  The FCC has adopted “open internet” rules, also referred to as “net neutrality,” that could affect the Company’s provision of broadband services.  For example, the rules require transparency as to speed of service and network management practices, performance characteristics, and terms and conditions of broadband services.  Both the fixed and mobile broadband services are subject to various no blocking requirements and the fixed service is subject to a “no-unreasonable-discrimination” requirement that might prohibit the Company from charging websites for enhanced delivery of content.  Congress may also consider increasing regulatory authority over broadband providers, although specific proposals are not currently pending. 
 The Federal Trade Commission is also considering rules related to behavioral advertising on the Internet which may extend to broadband service providers. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 ITEM 1B.