RISK FACTORS 
 Our business and operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under “Business-Competition” and the following: 
 Risks Related to the Telecommunications Industry 
 Intensifying competition in all segments of our business may limit our ability to sustain profitable operations. 
 As new technologies are developed and deployed by competitors in our service area, some of our subscribers may select other providers’ offerings based on price, capabilities and personal preferences.  Most of our competitors possess greater resources, have more extensive coverage areas, and offer more services than we do.  If significant numbers of our subscribers elect to move to other competing providers, or if market saturation limits the rate of new subscriber additions, we may not be able to sustain profitable operations. 
 Nationwide, incumbent local exchange carriers have experienced a decrease in access lines due to the effect of wireless and wireline competition and the elimination of second lines dedicated to dial-up Internet as customers migrate to broadband connections.  We have experienced comparatively modest reductions in the number of access lines to date, but based on industry experience we anticipate that the long-term trend toward declining telephone subscriber counts will continue.  There is a significant risk that this downward trend could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s landline telephone operations in the future. 
 The Company’s revenue from fiber leases may be adversely impacted by price competition for these facilities. 
 Alternative technologies, changes in the regulatory environment and current uncertainties in the marketplace may reduce future demand for existing telecommunication services. 
 The telecommunications industry is experiencing significant technological change, evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology, shorter development cycles for new products and enhancements and changes in end-user requirements and preferences.  Technological advances, industry changes, changes in the regulatory environment, and the availability of additional blocks of spectrum or additional flexibility with respect to the use of currently available spectrum could cause the technology we use to become obsolete.  We and our vendors may not be able to respond to such changes and implement new technology on a timely basis, or at an acceptable cost. 
 Continued adverse economic conditions in the United States and in our market area involving significantly reduced consumer spending could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 Our customers are individual consumers and businesses that provide goods and services to others, and are located in a relatively concentrated geographic area.  The on-going national economic weakness, restricted credit markets, and high unemployment rates could continue to depress consumer spending and harm our operating performance.  In addition, any adverse economic conditions that affect our geographic markets in particular could have further negative impacts on our results. 
 Regulation by government and taxing agencies may increase our costs of providing service or require changes in services, either of which could impair our financial performance. 
 Our operations are subject to varying degrees of regulation by the FCC, the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, as well as by state and local regulatory agencies.  Action by these regulatory bodies could negatively affect our operations and our costs of doing business.  For example, changes in tax laws or the interpretation of existing tax laws by state and local authorities could increase income, sales, property or other tax costs. 
 Our access revenue may be adversely impacted by legislative or regulatory actions, or technology developments, that decrease access rates or exempt certain traffic from paying for access to our regulated telephone network. 
 On October 27, 2011, the FCC adopted a number of broad changes to the intercarrier compensation rules governing the interstate access rates charged by small-to-mid-sized ILECs such as Shenandoah Telephone.  For example, the FCC adopted a national “bill and keep” framework, which may result in substantial reductions in the access charges paid by long distance carriers and other interconnecting carriers, possibly to zero, accompanied by increases to the subscriber line charges paid by business and residential end users. In addition, the FCC has changed some of the rules that determine what compensation carriers, including but not limited to wireless carriers, competitive local exchange carriers, VoIP providers and providers of other Internet-enabled services, should pay (and receive) for their traffic that is interconnected with ILEC networks.  Although the legality of the FCC’s recent changes to the ICC rules have been challenged by various parties, these changes, and potential future changes, to such compensation regulations could increase our expenses or reduce our revenues. 
 The VSCC has jurisdiction over local telephone companies’ intrastate access charges, and has indicated in the past that it might open a generic proceeding on the rates charged for intrastate access, although the scope and likelihood of such a proceeding is unclear in light of the FCC’s overhaul of the intercarrier compensation rules, which affect states’ jurisdiction over intrastate access charges.   The VSCC issued a Final Order on August 9, 2011 that requires elimination of common carrier line charges in three stages.  Pursuant to the order, the Company’s intrastate common line revenue has declined in each of the last two years and is expected to be eliminated by mid-2014. 
 Our distribution networks may be subject to weather-related events that may damage our networks and adversely impact our ability to deliver promised services or increase costs related to such events. 
 During 2012, the Mid-Atlantic region experienced two storms that impacted our cable networks more extensively than usual.  The Company incurred approximately $800 thousand of costs to repair damage caused in these storms.  Some published reports predict that warming global temperatures will increase the frequency and severity of such weather related events.  Should such predictions be correct, and should such events impact the Mid-Atlantic region covered by our networks more frequently than in the past, our revenues and expenses could be materially adversely impacted. 
 Risks Related to our Overall Business Strategy 
 We may not benefit from our acquisition strategy. 
 As part of our business strategy, we regularly evaluate opportunities to enhance the value of our company by pursuing acquisitions of other businesses, and we intend to evaluate whether to pursue such strategic acquisition opportunities as they arise, though we remain subject to financial and other covenants in our credit agreements that contain restrictions as to the opportunities we may be able to pursue. We cannot provide any assurance, however, with respect to the timing, likelihood, size or financial effect of any potential transaction involving our company, as we may not be successful in identifying and consummating any acquisition or in integrating any newly acquired business into our operations. 
 The evaluation of business acquisition opportunities and the integration of any acquired businesses pose a number of significant risks, including the following: 
 acquisitions may place significant strain on our management, financial and other resources by requiring us to expend a substantial amount of time and resources in the pursuit of acquisitions that we may not complete, or to devote significant attention to the various integration efforts of any newly acquired businesses, all of which will require the allocation of limited resources; 
 acquisitions may not have a positive impact on our cash flows or financial performance, even if acquired companies eventually contribute to an increase in our cash flows or profitability, because the acquisitions may adversely affect our operating results in the short term as a result of transaction-related expenses we will have to pay or the higher operating and administrative expenses we may incur in the periods immediately following an acquisition as we seek to integrate the acquired business into our operations; 
 we may not be able to eliminate as many redundant costs as we anticipate; 
 our operating and financial systems and controls and information services may not be compatible with those of the companies we may acquire and may not be adequate to support our integration efforts, and any steps we take to improve these systems and controls may not be sufficient; 
 our business plans and projections used to justify the acquisitions and expansion investments are based on assumptions of revenues per subscriber, penetration rates in specific markets where we operate, and expected operating costs.  These assumptions may not develop as projected which may negatively impact our profitability; 
 growth through acquisitions will increase our need for qualified personnel, who may not be available to us or, if they were employed by a business we acquire, remain with us after the acquisition; and 
 acquired businesses may have unexpected liabilities and contingencies, which could be significant. 
 Our ability to comply with the financial covenants in our credit agreement depends primarily on our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow. 
 Our ability to comply with the financial covenants under the agreement governing our secured credit facilities will depend primarily on our success in generating sufficient operating cash flow. Under our credit agreement, we are subject to a total leverage ratio covenant, a minimum debt service coverage ratio covenant, and a minimum equity to assets ratio covenant. Industry conditions and financial, business and other factors, including those we identify as risk factors in this and our other reports, will affect our ability to generate the cash flows we need to meet those financial tests and ratios. Our failure to meet the tests or ratios could result in a default and acceleration of repayment of the indebtedness under our credit facilities. If the maturity of our indebtedness were accelerated, we would not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness. In such event, our lenders would be entitled to proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness, which includes substantially our entire assets, to the extent permitted by our credit agreement and applicable law. 
 Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and ability to compete. 
 As of December 31, 2013, we have $230.0 million of total long-term indebtedness, including the current portion of such indebtedness. Our substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it may: 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a significant portion of our borrowings may continue to be at variable rates of interest; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, dividends and other general corporate purposes; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds to alleviate liquidity constraints, as a result of financial and other restrictive covenants in our credit agreement; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies that have less indebtedness. 
 In addition, our secured credit facilities impose operating and financial restrictions that limit our discretion on some business matters, which could make it more difficult for us to expand, finance our operations and engage in other business activities that may be in our interest. These restrictions limit our ability and that of our subsidiaries to: 
 incur additional indebtedness and additional liens on our assets; 
 engage in mergers or acquisitions or dispose of assets; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions; 
 voluntarily prepay other indebtedness; 
 enter into transactions with affiliated persons; 
 make investments; and 
 change the nature of our business. 
 In addition to the term loan secured indebtedness we have incurred, and the $50 million of revolving credit indebtedness we may incur from time to time, we may incur additional indebtedness under our credit facilities. Any additional indebtedness we may incur in the future may subject us to similar or even more restrictive conditions. 
 Our ability to refinance our indebtedness in the future, should circumstances require it, will depend on our ability in the future to generate cash flows from operations and to raise additional funds, including through the offering of equity or debt securities. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to raise additional funds in amounts necessary for us to repay our indebtedness when such indebtedness becomes due and to meet our other cash needs. 
 Our wireless switch equipment, as well as the primary means of access to and from our customers to other parties’ telecommunications networks, are located in one building. 
 Our PCS wireless switch, as well as many of the trunk lines and other circuits that provide access to and from our customers for voice services, and to some extent video services, are all housed in one building.  Should that building and its contents be damaged severely, our ability to deliver many of our promised services may be substantially affected for extended periods of time, causing us to lose or refund revenue, lose customers, or incur significant costs to repair damage quickly to minimize the loss of revenues and customers.  If proper or adequate insurance coverage is not in place, we may incur substantial costs to write-down the value of damaged equipment and other assets. 
 Disruptions of our information technology infrastructure could harm our business. 
 We depend on our information technology infrastructure to achieve our business objectives. A disruption of our infrastructure could be caused by a natural disaster, manufacturing failure, telecommunications system failure, or defective or improperly installed new or upgraded business management systems. Portions of our IT infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays, or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. In the event of any such disruption, we may be unable to conduct our business in the normal course. Moreover, our business involve 
 the processing, storage and transmission of data, which would also be negatively affected by such an event. A disruption of our infrastructure could cause us to lose customers and revenue, particularly during a period of heavy demand for our services. We also could incur significant expense in repairing system damage and taking other remedial measures. 
 We could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, and other serious negative consequences if we sustain cyber attacks or other data security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary or confidential information about us or our customers or other third parties. 
 We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations.  We routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data for our customers, including sensitive and personally identifiable information.  We may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use for these purposes.  Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our systems. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. 
 The costs to us to eliminate or address the foregoing security problems and security vulnerabilities before or after a cyber incident could be significant.  Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our critical functions. We could lose existing or potential customers for our services in connection with any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in the services.  In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers or other third parties could expose us, our customers, or other third parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business. 
 We are subject to laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use and security of user data.  Our ability to execute transactions and to possess and use personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require us to notify customers or employees of a data security breach.  We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations. 
 Risks Related to the Wireless Industry 
 New disclosure or usage requirements could adversely affect the results of our wireless operations. 
 The FCC is considering imposing additional consumer protection requirements upon wireless service providers, including billing-related disclosures and usage alerts.  Such requirements could increase costs related to or impact the amount of revenue we receive from our wireless services. 
 Customer concerns over radio frequency emissions may discourage use of wireless handsets or expose us to potential litigation. 
 Media reports have suggested that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets may be linked to various health problems, including cancer, and may interfere with various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers.  Additionally, the FCC has commenced a rulemaking and notice of inquiry that seeks public comment on a variety of issues, including whether revisions to the existing radio frequency standards and testing requirements are warranted.  Any decrease in demand for wireless services, increases in the costs of litigation, or damage awards resulting from substantiation of harm from such emissions could impair our ability to sustain profitable operations. 
 Regulation by government or potential litigation relating to the use of wireless phones while driving could adversely affect the results of our wireless operations. 
 Some studies have indicated that some aspects of using wireless phones while driving may impair drivers' attention in certain circumstances, making accidents more likely.  These concerns could lead to litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injuries, or to new restrictions or regulations on wireless phone use.  A number of state and local governments are considering or have enacted legislation that would restrict or prohibit the use of a wireless handset while driving a vehicle or, alternatively, require the use of a hands-free handset.  Additionally, certain federal agencies have adopted rules and proposed guidelines for the use of wireless handsets while operating commercial and non-commercial vehicles.  These rules, and any legislation that could be enacted, may require wireless service providers to supply to their subscribers hands-free enhanced services, such as voice-activated dialing and hands-free speaker phones and headsets, in order to continue generating revenue from subscribers, who make many of their calls while on the road.  If we are unable to provide hands-free services and products to subscribers in a timely and adequate fashion, the volume of wireless phone usage would likely decrease, and the ability of our wireless operations to generate revenues would suffer. 
 Risks Related to our PCS Business 
 The performance of Shenandoah Personal Communications, LLC, our largest operating subsidiary in terms of revenues and assets, may be adversely affected by any interruption in, or other adverse change to, Sprint’s business. 
 We rely on Sprint’s ongoing operations to continue to offer our PCS subscribers the seamless national services that we currently provide.  Any interruption in, or other adverse change to, Sprint’s business could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.  The results of Sprint’s transaction with Softbank Corp. could affect Sprint’s business in a way that could be adverse to us.  Our business could also be adversely affected if competing national or regional wireless carriers are able to introduce new products and services or otherwise satisfy customers’ service demands more rapidly or more effectively than Sprint. 
 Our participation in Sprint’s network modernization plan may affect our operating results, liquidity and financial position. 
 Sprint is implementing a network modernization plan, known as Network Vision, which incorporates upgrades and improvements to its wireless networks, with the intention of improving voice quality, coverage and data speeds and simultaneously reducing future operating costs.  We are participating in this plan, and to date, have upgraded substantially all of the network in our service areas, on time and on budget. 
 The continuing success of the Network Vision plan will depend on the timing, extent and cost of implementation and the performance of third parties 
 Future activities include transitioning data services to the 800 megahertz spectrum, incorporating the 2.5 gigahertz spectrum acquired by Sprint as part of its acquisition of the portion of Clearwire it did not own, as well as other changes and improvements. 
 If Network Vision does not provide an enhanced network experience, our ability to provide enhanced wireless services to our customers, to retain and attract customers, and to maintain and grow our customer revenues could be adversely affected.  Should Sprint’s implementation of the Network Vision plan be delayed, our margins would be adversely affected and such effects could be material.  Should Sprint’s delivery of services expected to be deployed on the upgraded network be delayed due to technological constraints, performance of third-party suppliers, or other reasons, the cost of providing such services could become higher than expected, which could produce higher costs to customers, potentially resulting in the loss of customers to our competitors, and adversely affecting our revenues, profitability and cash flows from operations. 
 Our business may suffer as a result of competitive pressures. 
 Our revenue growth is primarily dependent on the growth of the subscriber base and average monthly revenues per user.  Competitive pressures may adversely affect our ability to increase our future revenues.  A continuation of competitive pressures in the wireless telecommunications market could cause some major carriers to offer plans with increasingly larger bundles of minutes of use and data services at lower prices that may compete with the Sprint wireless plans we sell.  Increased price competition may lead to lower average monthly revenues per user. 
 We may not be able to implement our business plan if our operating costs are higher than we anticipate. 
 Increased competition may lead to higher promotional costs, losses on sales of handsets and other costs to acquire subscribers.  If these costs are more than we anticipate, the actual amount of funds available to implement our operating strategy and business plan may fall short of our estimates. 
 The dynamic nature of the wireless market may limit management’s ability to correctly identify causes of volatility in key operating performance measures. 
 Our business plan and estimated future operating results are based on estimates of key operating performance measures, including subscriber growth, subscriber turnover (commonly known as churn), average monthly revenue per subscriber, losses on sales of handsets and other subscriber acquisition costs and other operating costs.  The dynamic nature of the wireless market, economic conditions, increased competition in the wireless telecommunications industry, the entry of new competitors due to recent or future FCC spectrum auctions, new service offerings by Sprint or competitors at lower prices, and other issues facing the wireless telecommunications industry in general have created a level of uncertainty that may adversely affect our ability to predict these key measures. 
 We may experience a high rate of subscriber turnover, which could adversely affect our future financial performance. 
 Subscriber loss, or churn, has been relatively stable in recent years.  Because of significant competition in the industry, the popularity of prepaid wireless service offerings, changes to Sprint’s competitive position and the overall economic downturn, among other factors, this relative stability may not continue and the future rate of subscriber turnover may be higher than rates in recent periods. 
 A high rate of subscriber loss could increase the sales and marketing costs we incur in obtaining new subscribers, especially because, consistent with industry practice, we subsidize most of the costs related to the purchases of handsets by subscribers. 
 We may incur significantly higher wireless handset subsidy costs than we anticipate for existing subscribers who upgrade to a new handset. 
 As our subscriber base matures, and technological innovations occur, we anticipate that existing subscribers will continue to upgrade to new wireless handsets.  To discourage customer defections to competitors, we subsidize a portion of the price of wireless handsets and in some cases incur sales commissions for handset upgrades.  If more subscribers upgrade to new wireless handsets than we project, or if the cost of such handsets increases or the amount of handset subsidies offered in the competitive marketplace increases more than we project, our results of operations would be adversely affected.  If we do not continue to subsidize the cost of the handsets for handset upgrades, subscribers could choose to deactivate the service and move to other carriers. 
 If we are unable to secure and retain tower sites, the level of service we provide could be adversely affected. 
 Many of our cell sites are co-located on leased tower facilities shared with one or more wireless providers.  A large portion of these leased tower sites are owned by a limited number of companies.  If economic conditions affect the leasing company, our lease may be affected and the ability to remain on the tower at reasonable rates could be jeopardized, which could leave portions of our service area without service and increase customer turnover. 
 Most of the towers that we own are located on leased real property.  If such leases were not renewed, we could be forced to relocate our cell site, which would create significant additional expenses, or leave portions of our service area without service, increasing the likelihood of customer turnover. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with Sprint 
 Sprint may make business decisions that are not in our best interests, which may adversely affect our relationships with subscribers in our territory, increase our expenses and decrease our revenues. 
 Under its agreements with us, Sprint has a substantial amount of control over the conduct of our PCS business.  Accordingly, Sprint may make decisions that could adversely affect our PCS business, such as the following: 
 Sprint could price its national plans based on its own objectives and could set price levels or other terms that may not be economically advantageous for us; 
 Sprint could develop products and services, or establish credit policies, that could adversely affect our results of operations; 
 if Sprint’s costs to perform certain services exceed the costs we expect, subject to limitations under our agreements, Sprint could seek to increase amounts charged; 
 Sprint could make decisions that could adversely affect the Sprint brand names, products or services; 
 Sprint could make technology and network decisions that could greatly increase our capital investment requirements and our operating costs to continue offering the seamless national service we provide; 
 Sprint could restrict our ability to offer new services needed to remain competitive.  This could put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other wireless service providers if they begin offering new services in our market areas, increasing our churn and reducing our revenues and operating income from wireless services. 
 Our dependence on Sprint for services may limit our ability to forecast operating results. 
 Our dependence on Sprint injects a degree of uncertainty into our business and financial planning.  We may, at times, disagree with Sprint concerning the applicability, calculation approach, or accuracy of Sprint-supplied revenue data.  It is our practice to reflect the information supplied by Sprint in our financial statements for the applicable periods and to make corrections, if any, no earlier than the period in which Sprint and we agree to the corrections. 
 Inaccuracies in data provided by Sprint could overstate or understate our expenses or revenues and result in out-of-period adjustments that may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Because Sprint provides billing and collection services for us, Sprint remits a significant portion of our total revenues.  We rely on Sprint to provide accurate, timely and sufficient data and information to enable us to properly record revenues, expenses and accounts receivable which underlie a substantial portion of our financial statements and other financial disclosures.  We and Sprint could discover errors or inaccuracies, which, while not material to Sprint, could be material to us.  If we are required in the future to make adjustments or incur charges as a result of errors or inaccuracies in data provided by Sprint, such adjustments or charges could materially affect our financial results for the period with respect to which the adjustments are made or charges are incurred.  Such adjustments or charges could require restatement of our financial statements. 
 We are subject to risks relating to Sprint’s provision of back office services, and changes in products, services, plans and programs. 
 Any failure by Sprint to provide high-quality back office services could lead to subscriber dissatisfaction, increased churn or otherwise increased costs.  We rely on Sprint’s internal support systems, including customer care, billing and back office support.  Our operations could be disrupted if Sprint is unable to provide and expand its internal support systems while maintaining acceptable service levels, or to efficiently outsource those services and systems through third-party vendors. 
 The competitiveness of Sprint’s PCS products and services is a key factor in our ability to attract and retain subscribers.  Changes in Sprint’s PCS products and services may reduce subscriber additions, increase subscriber turnover and decrease subscriber credit quality. 
 Sprint’s roaming arrangements to provide service outside of the Sprint National Network may not be competitive with other wireless service providers, which may restrict our ability to attract and retain subscribers and may increase our costs of doing business. 
 We rely on Sprint’s roaming arrangements with other wireless service providers for coverage in areas where Sprint PCS service is not available.  If customers are not able to roam quickly or efficiently onto other wireless networks, we may lose current subscribers and Sprint PCS wireless services may be less attractive to new subscribers. 
 The risks related to our roaming arrangements include the following: 
 the quality of the service provided by another provider while roaming may not approximate the quality of the service provided by the Sprint PCS network; 
 the price of a roaming call off network may not be competitive with prices of other wireless companies for roaming calls; 
 customers may not be able to use Sprint’s advanced features, such as voicemail notification, while roaming; and 
 Sprint or the carriers providing the service may not be able to provide accurate billing information on a timely basis. 
 Some provisions of the Sprint agreements may diminish the value of our common stock and restrict or diminish the value of our business. 
 Under limited circumstances involving non-renewal of our agreement or a breach by us, Sprint may purchase the operating assets of our PCS operations at a discount of 20% in the event of non-renewal, or 28% in the event of a breach. These discounts would be applied to the “entire business value” (“EBV”) as that term is defined in our agreement with Sprint. 
 In addition, Sprint must approve any assignment of the Sprint agreements by us.  Sprint also has a right of first refusal to purchase our PCS operating assets if we decide to sell those assets to a third party.  These restrictions and other restrictions contained in the Sprint  agreements could adversely affect the value of our common stock, may limit our ability to sell the foregoing assets on advantageous terms, may reduce the value a buyer would be willing to pay, and may reduce the EBV, as described in the Sprint agreements. 
 EBV is defined as i) the fair market value of a going concern paid by a willing buyer to a willing seller; ii) valued as if the business will continue to utilize existing brands and operate under existing agreements; and, iii) valued as if we  own the spectrum.  Determination of EBV is made by an independent appraisal process. 
 We may have difficulty in obtaining an adequate supply of handsets from Sprint. 
 We depend on our relationship with Sprint to obtain handsets.  Sprint orders handsets from various manufacturers.  We could have difficulty obtaining specific types of handsets in a timely manner if: 
 Sprint does not adequately project the need for handsets, or enter into arrangements for new types of handsets or other customer equipment, for itself, its PCS Affiliates and its other third-party distribution channels, particularly in connection with the transition to new technologies; 
 Sprint gives preference to other distribution channels; 
 we do not adequately project our need for handsets; 
 Sprint modifies its handset logistics and delivery plan in a manner that restricts or delays access to handsets; or 
 there is an adverse development in the relationship between Sprint and its suppliers or vendors. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could disrupt subscribers’ service or result in a decrease in our subscribers. 
 If Sprint does not continue to enhance its nationwide digital wireless network, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers. 
 Our PCS operations are dependent on Sprint’s national network.  Sprint’s digital wireless network may not provide nationwide coverage to the same extent as the networks of its competitors, which could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers.  Sprint currently covers a significant portion of the population of the United States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Sprint offers PCS services, either on its own network or through its roaming agreements, in every part of the United States. 
 Sprint completed a transaction in which it transferred mobile broadband licenses and business operations to Clearwire Corp. and obtained a majority equity ownership interest in Clearwire. This transaction was entered with an expectation that Clearwire would expand its broadband networks in large metropolitan areas across the United States and that Sprint would offer high-speed broadband services (“4G Wimax”) in conjunction with Clearwire.  During 2013, Sprint acquired the portion of Clearwire that it did not previously own. 
 Sprint’s arrangements with Clearwire and the risks associated with the Clearwire venture might adversely affect our business.  Since initially entering into the Clearwire arrangement, Sprint has decided to upgrade its entire network incorporating 4G LTE technology.  At this point, other wireless providers are ahead of Sprint in deploying their 4G networks.  The introduction of 4G services in our service area by other operators, independent of arrangements with us or before we are able to complete the deployment of our own 4G network, might adversely affect our PCS business. 
 If Sprint’s PCS licenses are not renewed or are revoked, our PCS business would be harmed. 
 Non-renewal or revocation by the FCC of Sprint’s PCS licenses would significantly harm us.  Wireless spectrum licenses are subject to renewal and revocation by the FCC.  There may be opposition to renewal of Sprint’s PCS licenses upon their expiration, and Sprint’s PCS licenses may not be renewed.  The FCC has adopted specific standards to apply to PCS license renewals.  Any failure by Sprint to comply with these standards could cause revocation or forfeiture of Sprint’s PCS licenses. 
 If Sprint does not maintain control over its licensed spectrum, our Sprint agreements may be terminated, which would render us unable to continue providing service to our subscribers. 
 Risks Related to Our Cable Businesses 
 We face risks from increasing competition for the provision of cable and related video services. 
 Incumbent cable companies, which have historically provided video service, face competition from direct broadcast satellite providers, and more recently from large providers of wireline telecommunications services (such as Verizon, Centurylink and AT&T), which have begun to upgrade their networks to provide video services in addition to voice and broadband services. Wireless providers are also entering the market for video services by making such services available on handsets and tablets.  In some areas, direct broadcast satellite providers have partnered with large incumbent telecommunications service providers to offer triple-play services.  Moreover, consumers are increasingly accessing video content from alternative sources, such as internet-based websites and applications.  The influx of competitors in this area, together with the development of new technologies to support them, are resulting in significant changes in the business models and regulatory provisions that have applied to the provision of video and other services. These developments may lead to a decline in the price and profitability of video and other services. 
 Our programming costs are subject to demands for increased payments. 
 The cable television industry has continued to experience an increase in the cost of programming, especially sports programming.  In addition, as we add programming to our video services for existing customers or distribute existing programming to more customers, we incur increased programming expenses.  Broadcasters affiliated with major over-the-air network services have been increasing their demands for cash payments and other concessions for the right to carry local network television signals on our cable systems.  These increased costs cannot always be recouped by increased rates to subscribers.  Moreover, as our programming contracts and retransmission agreements with programming providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms. 
 Changes to key regulatory requirements can affect our ability to compete. 
 As programming costs and retail rates increase, Congress and the FCC have expressed concern about the impact on consumers, and they could impose restrictions affecting cable rates and programming packages that could adversely impact our existing business model. 
 There is currently extensive litigation against Aereo, an entity claiming a legal right to deliver broadcast signals to customers via Internet connections without paying any copyright fees or retransmission consent fees. The Aereo case is currently pending in the United States Supreme Court. If Aereo’s claim is ultimately upheld, it could lead to an increase in competition related to retransmitting broadcast signals, an important part of our business. 
 The Company operates cable television systems in largely rural areas of Virginia, West Virginia and Maryland.  Virginia has adopted legislation to make it easier for companies to obtain local franchises to provide cable television service.  The FCC has adopted new rules which substantially reduce the cost of obtaining a local franchise.  These rules may make it easier for the Company to expand its cable television business, but also may result in increased competition for such business. 
 In 2013, the Federal Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated some, but not all, of the FCC’s rules that require us to support CableCARDs that enable our customers to use set-top boxes purchased at retail rather than our leased set-top boxes. The FCC has taken comment on a petition to restore some of these rules and some parties are lobbying the Commission to revive earlier proceedings that would radically reshape set-top box regulation. One proposed rule would require multichannel video service providers to make available a standardized adapter that could be used to access cable content without the use of a cable set-top box or our branded program interface. New regulations could increase our cost for equipment, affect our relationship with our customers, and/or enable third parties to try to offer equipment that accesses disaggregated cable content merged with other services delivered over the Internet to compete with our premium service offerings. 
 Any significant impairment of our non-amortizing cable franchise rights would lead to a decrease in our assets and a reduction in our net operating performance. 
 At December 31, 2013, we had non-amortizing cable franchise rights of approximately $64.1 million which constituted approximately 10.7% of total assets at that date.  If we make changes in our business strategy or if market or other conditions adversely affect our cable operations, we may be forced to record an impairment charge, which would lead to a decrease in the carrying value of the Company’s assets and reduction in our net operating performance.  We test non-amortizing intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred.  If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the non-amortizing intangible assets and the fair value of the non-amortizing intangible assets, in the period in which the determination is made.  The testing of non-amortizing intangible assets for impairment requires the Company to make significant estimates about the future performance and cash flows of our Cable segment, as well as other assumptions.  These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including changes in economic, industry or market conditions, changes in underlying business operations, future reporting unit operating performance, changes in competition, or changes in technologies.  Any changes to key assumptions, or actual performance compared with those assumptions, about our Cable segment’s business and its future prospects or other assumptions could affect the fair value of our Cable segment non-amortizing intangibles, resulting in an impairment charge. 
 Risks Related To Broadband Services 
 Our broadband services may be adversely impacted by legislative or regulatory changes that affect our ability to develop and offer services or that could expose us to liability from customers or others. 
 The Company provides broadband services to its cable and telephone customers through cable modems and digital subscriber lines (“DSL”), respectively.  The FCC has adopted “open internet” rules, also referred to as “net neutrality,” that could affect the Company’s provision of broadband services. For information concerning the FCC’s non-discrimination requirements for fixed broadband providers, see the discussion under “Regulation of Wireless Operations – Net Neutrality” above. 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS