Risks Relating to our Business and Industry 
 We operate in highly competitive industries and our success depends on our ability to effectively compete with numerous domestic and foreign businesses. 
 We face competition from a number of domestic and foreign businesses, some of which have substantially greater financial resources than we do, which impacts our ability to win new contracts and renew existing contracts. We continue to operate in a period of intense price-based competition, which has affected and could continue to affect the number and the profitability of the contracts we win. 
 Contract awards by lottery authorities are sometimes challenged by unsuccessful bidders, which can result in costly and protracted legal proceedings that can result in delayed implementation or cancellation of the award. In addition, the U.S. lottery industry has matured such that the number of states conducting lotteries is unlikely to increase materially in the near-term. 
 We believe our principal competitors in the instant ticket lottery business have increased their production capacity, which is expected to increase pricing pressures in the instant ticket business and adversely affect our ability to win or renew instant ticket contracts or reduce the profitability of instant ticket contracts that we do win. Our U.S. instant ticket business could also be adversely affected should additional foreign competitors in Canada export their lottery products to the U.S. or should other foreign competitors establish printing facilities in the U.S. or Canada to supply the U.S. We also compete in the international instant ticket lottery business with low-price, low-quality printers in a regulated environment where laws are being reinterpreted so as to create competition from non-traditional lottery vendors and products. 
 We face increased price competition in our lottery systems business from our two principal competitors. Since late 2007, we have lost lottery systems contracts in South Carolina, West Virginia, South Dakota, New Hampshire and Vermont to our competitors following the expiration of our contracts. During 2010, the lottery authority in Maine awarded a new lottery contract to one of our competitors, which award was subsequently invalidated as a result of our protest. The competitor's appeal of the protest ruling was denied on October 21, 2011. Our contract with Maine was extended until June 30, 2013. 
 As some jurisdictions seek to privatize or outsource lottery operations (including partial privatizations through private management agreements or otherwise), we face competition from both traditional and new competitors with respect to these opportunities. In some cases, we may find it necessary or desirable to enter into strategic relationships with third parties, including competitors, to pursue these opportunities. The Indiana lottery recently awarded a private management agreement to one of our competitors. We expect that our lottery systems contract with the Indiana lottery will be terminated in connection with the commencement of the private management model in Indiana. On January 11, 2013, we entered into an agreement with the manager of the Indiana lottery to provide existing lottery systems equipment and services through August 2016, which agreement is expected to commence in April 2013. 
 Pricing pressures and privatization of some lotteries may also change the manner in which lottery system and instant ticket contracts are awarded and the profitability of those contracts. Any future success of our lottery business will also depend, in part, on the success of the lottery industry in attracting and retaining players in the face of increased competition for these players' entertainment dollars, as well as our own success in developing innovative products and systems to achieve this goal. Our failure to achieve this goal could reduce our revenue from our lottery operations. As a result of pressure on state and other government budgets, other forms of gaming may be legalized, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Our gaming-related businesses face significant competition from other vendors. For example, in January 2012, William Hill awarded a contract for the exclusive supply of gaming terminals to the bookmaker's entire LBO estate to one of our principal competitors. This contract took effect following the expiration of our gaming terminal supply contract with William Hill in March 2012. The loss of this contract impacted our results of operations in 2012. 
 We face significant competition as we seek to offer products and services for the evolving internet lottery and gaming industries, not only from our traditional competitors in the lottery business but also from a number of other domestic and foreign providers (or the operators themselves), some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience in this area than we do. In addition, our gaming-related businesses face competition from illegal operators. 
 Unfavorable U.S. and international economic conditions may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Unfavorable general economic conditions, including relatively high rates of unemployment, have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We cannot fully predict the effects that unfavorable economic conditions and economic uncertainty will have on us as it also impacts our customers, suppliers and business partners. However, we believe that the difficult economic conditions have contributed to reductions in spending on marketing by our customers and, in certain instances, less favorable terms under our contracts, as many of our customers face significant budget shortfalls and look to cut costs. 
 We believe that the lottery and wide area gaming businesses are less susceptible to reductions in consumer spending than the destination gaming business ( 
 e.g. 
 , resort and casino venues, which are typically less accessible to consumers than lottery and wide area gaming retail outlets) and other parts of the consumer products sector. However, we believe that declines in consumer spending have adversely impacted our lottery and wide area gaming businesses to some extent, and further declines would likely exacerbate these negative effects. 
 There are ongoing concerns regarding the debt burden of certain countries, particularly in the European Union, and their ability to meet their future financial obligations, which have resulted in downgrades of the debt ratings for these countries. These sovereign debt concerns, whether real or perceived, could result in a recession, prolonged economic slowdown, or otherwise negatively impact the general health and stability of the economies in these countries or more broadly. In more severe cases, this could result in a limitation on the availability of capital, thereby restricting our liquidity and negatively impacting our operating results. We currently operate in, and our growth strategy may involve pursuing expansion or business opportunities in, certain countries potentially facing real or perceived sovereign debt concerns, such as Italy and Greece. 
 Our business is subject to evolving technology. 
 The sales of all of our products and services are affected by changing technology, new legislation and evolving industry standards. Our ability to anticipate or respond to such changes and to develop and introduce new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive, retain existing contracts, and expand and attract new customers. 
 We can give no assurance that we will achieve the necessary technological advances or have the financial resources needed to introduce new products or services on a timely basis or that we will otherwise have the ability to compete effectively in the industries we serve. 
 We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends and changes in the lottery and gaming industries. 
 Part of our strategy is to take advantage of the liberalization of internet and mobile gaming, both within the U.S. and internationally. This strategy involves significant risks and uncertainties, including legal, business and financial risks. 
 In general, our ability to successfully pursue our interactive gaming strategy depends on the laws and regulations relating to wagering over the internet and through interactive channels. Until recently, there was uncertainty as to whether the Wire Act prohibits states from conducting intrastate lottery transactions via the internet if the transmissions over the internet during the transaction cross state lines. In late 2011, the Office of Legal Counsel of the DOJ issued an opinion to the effect that state lottery ticket sales over the internet to in-state adults do not violate the Wire Act. The opinion may provide an impetus for states to authorize internet or other forms of interactive gaming in order to create an additional revenue stream. However, as a general matter, we believe states will be required or otherwise deem it advisable to enact enabling legislation or new regulations addressing the sale of lottery tickets or the offering of other forms of gaming over the internet. The enactment of internet gaming legislation that federalizes significant aspects of the regulation of internet gaming could have an adverse impact on our ability to pursue our interactive strategy in the U.S. For instance, at the end of 2012, the proposed language of the “Internet Gambling Prohibition, Poker Consumer Protection, and Strengthening UIGEA Act of 2012” (commonly referred to as the Reid-Kyl bill) was released. While not introduced to Congress in 2012, it contains language designed to significantly limit the expansion of internet wagering in the United States, including limits on state lotteries selling lottery tickets over the internet and a prohibition of internet gaming activities other than poker. 
 Internationally, laws relating to internet gaming are evolving, particularly in Europe. To varying degrees, a number of European governments have taken steps to change the regulation of internet wagering through the implementation of new or revised licensing and taxation regimes, including the possible imposition of sanctions on unlicensed providers. We cannot predict the timing, scope or terms of any such state, federal or foreign laws and regulations, or the extent to which any such legislation will facilitate or hinder our interactive strategy. 
 In jurisdictions that authorize internet gaming, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in selling our technology, content and services to internet gaming operators as we expect to face intense competition from our traditional competitors in the lottery business as well as a number of other domestic and foreign providers (or the operators themselves), some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience in this area than we do. In addition, there is a risk that the authorization of the sale of lottery tickets or games or other forms of gaming via the internet in a particular 
 jurisdiction could, under certain circumstances, adversely impact our lottery product sales through traditional channels in such jurisdiction. Any such adverse impact would be magnified to the extent we are not involved in, and generating revenue from, the provision of products or services for internet gaming in such jurisdiction. Know-your-customer (KYC) and geo-location programs and technologies supplied by third parties are an important aspect of certain internet or mobile gaming products and services because they confirm certain information with respect to players and prospective players, such as age, identity and location. Payment processing programs and technologies, typically provided by third parties, are also a necessary feature of internet and mobile wagering products and services. These programs and technologies are costly and may have an adverse impact on our internet or mobile gaming revenue. Additionally, there can be no assurance that products containing these programs and technologies will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or that they will perform accurately or otherwise in accordance with our required specifications. 
 Our ability to compete effectively in the internet gaming space will depend on the acceptance by our customers of the products and services we offer. Such products and services may rely on technology that we acquire or license from third parties. 
 We are in the process of internally developing internet gaming solutions for our customers. Such internal development is costly and there can be no assurance that such development will result in commercially viable products. In addition, there can be no assurance that our internally developed products will not infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, or that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us. 
 We are heavily dependent on our ability to renew our long-term contracts with our customers and we could lose substantial revenue and profits if we are unable to renew certain of our contracts. 
 Generally, our customer contracts contain initial multi-year terms, with optional renewal periods held by the customer. Upon the expiration of a contract, including any extensions thereof, new contracts may be awarded through a competitive bidding process. 
 Since late 2007, we have lost lottery systems contracts in South Carolina, West Virginia, South Dakota, New Hampshire and Vermont to our competitors following the expiration of our contracts. During 2010, the lottery authority in Maine awarded a new lottery contract to one of our competitors, which award was subsequently invalidated as a result of our protest. The competitor's appeal of the protest ruling was denied in October 2011. Our contract with Maine was extended until June 30, 2013 pending further action by the Maine lottery authority. 
 In our U.K. gaming business, William Hill awarded a contract for the exclusive supply of gaming terminals to its entire LBO estate to one of our principal competitors. This contract took effect following the expiration of our gaming terminal supply contract with William Hill in March 2012. The loss of this contract impacted our results of operations in 2012. 
 We are also required by certain of our lottery customers to provide surety or performance bonds in connection with our contracts. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately $209.8 million of outstanding surety and performance bonds. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to obtain surety or performance bonds on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to provide such bonds would materially and adversely affect our ability to renew existing, or obtain new, lottery contracts. 
 There can be no assurance that our current contracts will be extended or that we will be awarded new contracts as a result of competitive bidding processes or otherwise in the future. The termination, expiration or failure to renew one or more of our contracts could cause us to lose substantial revenue and profits, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to win or renew other contracts or pursue growth initiatives. For additional information regarding the potential expiration dates of certain of our contracts, see the table in "Business—Contract Procurement" in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under our credit agreement to finance required capital expenditures under new contracts, service our indebtedness and meet our other cash needs. These obligations require a significant amount of cash. 
 Our lottery systems and gaming terminal businesses generally require significant upfront capital expenditures for terminal assembly, software customization and implementation, systems and equipment installation and telecommunications configuration. In connection with a renewal or bid of a lottery systems or gaming terminal contract, a customer may seek to obtain new equipment or impose new service requirements, which may require additional capital expenditures in order to retain or win the contract. Historically, we have funded these upfront costs through cash flows generated from operations, available cash on hand and borrowings under our credit agreement. Our ability to generate revenue and to continue to procure new contracts will depend on, among other things, our then present liquidity levels or our ability to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms. 
 If we do not have adequate liquidity or are unable to obtain financing for these upfront costs on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to bid on certain contracts, which could restrict our ability to grow and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Moreover, we may not realize the return on investment that we anticipate on new or renewed contracts due to a variety of factors, including lower than anticipated retail sales, higher than anticipated capital or operating expenses and unanticipated regulatory developments or litigation. We may not have adequate liquidity to pursue other aspects of our strategy, including bringing our products and services to new customers or new or underpenetrated geographies (including through equity investments) or pursuing strategic acquisitions. 
 As of December 31, 2012, we had total indebtedness of approximately $1,468.2 million, or approximately 80.1% of our total capitalization, consisting primarily of borrowings under our senior secured term loan under our credit agreement and senior subordinated notes. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our lenders, including the lenders participating in our revolving credit facilities, may have suffered losses related to their lending and other financial relationships, especially because of the general weakening of the national and global economy and increased financial instability of many borrowers. As a result, lenders may become insolvent or tighten their lending standards, which could make it more difficult for us to borrow under our revolving credit facilities or to obtain other financing on favorable terms or at all. Our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected if we were unable to draw funds under our revolving credit facilities because of a lender default or to obtain other cost-effective financing. Any default by a lender in its obligation to fund its commitment under our revolving credit facilities (or its participation in letters of credit) could limit our liquidity to the extent of the defaulting lender's commitment. 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to meet our commitments, we will be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, selling material assets or operations or seeking to raise additional debt or equity capital. We cannot assure you that any of these actions could be completed on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms or at all, or that these actions would enable us to continue to satisfy our capital requirements. Moreover, our existing debt agreements contain, and our future debt agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting these alternatives. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt. 
 In connection with the pending merger with WMS, we entered into a commitment letter pursuant to which the lenders party thereto have agreed to provide the financing necessary to complete the transaction. The merger is not conditioned on our obtaining the proceeds of any financing, including the financing contemplated by the commitment letter. For further details regarding the commitment letter and the merger financing, see Note 23 (Subsequent Events) to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior subordinated notes impose certain restrictions. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our indebtedness. Were this to occur, we would not have sufficient cash to pay our accelerated indebtedness. 
 The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements, including our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior subordinated notes may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in new business activities. Our credit facilities and/or indentures restrict our ability to, among other things: 
 declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 prepay, redeem or purchase other debt; 
 incur liens; 
 make loans, guarantees, acquisitions and investments; 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 engage in sale and leaseback transactions; 
 amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements; 
 make capital expenditures; 
 engage in mergers, acquisitions or asset sales; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; and 
 alter the business we conduct. 
 In addition, our credit agreement requires us to maintain certain financial ratios. As a result of these covenants, we will be limited in the manner in which we can conduct our business, and may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. A failure to comply with the restrictions contained in our credit agreement or indentures, or to maintain the financial ratios required by our credit agreement, could lead to an event of default which could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness. See Note 13 (Long-Term and Other Debt) to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding these financial ratios. 
 There can be no assurance that our future operating results will be sufficient to ensure compliance with the covenants in our credit agreement, indentures or other debt instruments or to remedy any such default. In addition, in the event of acceleration, we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments. 
 Our business depends on the protection of our intellectual property and proprietary information and on our ability to license intellectual property from third parties. 
 We believe that our success depends, in part, on protecting our intellectual property in the U.S. and in foreign countries and our ability to license intellectual property from third parties on commercially reasonable terms. Our intellectual property includes certain patents and trademarks relating to our instant ticket games and wagering systems, as well as proprietary or confidential information that is not subject to patent or similar protection. Our intellectual property protects the integrity of our games, systems, products and services, which is a core value of our business. For example, our intellectual property is designed to ensure the security of the printing of our instant lottery tickets and provide simple and secure validation of our lottery tickets. Competitors may independently develop similar or superior products, software, systems or business models. In cases where our intellectual property is not protected by an enforceable patent, such independent development may result in a significant diminution in the value of our intellectual property. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our intellectual property. We enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, vendors, consultants and, to the extent legally permissible, our customers, and generally control access to, and the distribution of, our game designs, systems and other software documentation and proprietary information, as well as the designs, systems and other software documentation and information that we license from others. Despite our efforts to protect these proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may try to copy our gaming products, business models or systems, use certain of our confidential information to develop competing products, or develop independently or otherwise obtain and use our gaming products or technology, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Policing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult and expensive, particularly because of the global nature of our operations. The laws of other countries may not adequately protect our intellectual property. 
 There can be no assurance that our business activities, games, products and systems will not infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, or that other parties will not assert infringement claims (with or without merit) against us. Any such claim and any resulting litigation, should it occur, could subject us to significant liability for damages and could result in invalidation of our proprietary rights, distract management, and/or require us to enter into costly and burdensome royalty and licensing agreements. Such royalty and licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or may not be available at all. In the future, we may also need to file or respond to lawsuits to defend the validity of our intellectual property rights and trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. 
 We rely on products and technologies that we license from third parties, including licensed properties (e.g., brands) and game content for our lottery and gaming businesses and the back-end technology platform we license from Video B Holdings Limited ("Video B"), a subsidiary of Playtech. There can be no assurance that these third-party licenses, or support for such licensed products and technology, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Certain of our license agreements grant the licensor rights to audit our use of their intellectual property to confirm that we have made the required royalty payments. Disputes with licensors over royalty payment methodologies and calculations could result in the payment of additional royalties or penalties by us, cancellation or non-renewal of the underlying license, or litigation. 
 Our business competes on the basis of the security and integrity of our systems and products. 
 We believe that our success depends, in part, on providing secure products and systems to our customers. Attempts to penetrate security measures may come from various combinations of customers, retailers, vendors, employees and others. Our ability to monitor and ensure the quality of our products is periodically reviewed and enhanced. Similarly, we regularly assess the adequacy of our security systems to protect against any material loss to any of our customers and the integrity of our products to end-users. Expanded utilization of the internet and other interactive technologies may result in increased security concerns for us and our customers. There can be no assurance that our business will not be affected by a security breach or lapse, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, business and/or prospects. 
 We and our industry are subject to strict government regulations that may limit our existing operations and have an adverse impact on our ability to grow. 
 In the U.S. and many other countries, lotteries and other forms of gaming are subject to extensive and evolving regulation. Such gaming regulatory requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Therefore, we are subject to a wide range of complex gaming laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed or operate. Most jurisdictions require that we be licensed, that our key personnel and certain of our security holders be found suitable or be licensed, and that our products be reviewed and approved before placement. If a license, approval or finding of suitability is required by a 
 regulatory authority and we fail to seek or do not receive the necessary approval, license or finding of suitability, then we may be prohibited from providing our products or services for use in the particular jurisdiction. We will also become subject to regulation in any other jurisdictions in which we decide to operate in the future, including due to expansion of a customer's operations. 
 The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future, including changes that limit some or all of our existing operations in that jurisdiction, and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business or prospects. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the operation of lotteries, video gaming terminals, internet gaming or other forms of lottery or gaming will be approved by additional jurisdictions or that those jurisdictions in which these activities are currently permitted will continue to permit such activities. Laws and regulations relating to internet and other form of interactive gaming are evolving. For additional discussion regarding risks associated with the evolving interactive gaming regulatory landscape, see the risk factor above captioned " —We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends and changes in the lottery and gaming industries." 
 There can be no assurance that law enforcement or gaming regulatory authorities will not seek to restrict our business in their jurisdictions or institute enforcement proceedings. In addition, there can be no assurance that any instituted enforcement proceedings will be favorably resolved, or that such proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain and renew existing licenses or to obtain new licenses in other jurisdictions. Moreover, in addition to the risk of an enforcement action, our reputation may be damaged in the event of any legal or regulatory investigation whether or not we are ultimately accused of or found to have committed any violation. 
 We are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business and we and certain of our affiliates, major stockholders (generally persons and entities beneficially owning a specified percentage (typically 5% or more) of our equity securities), directors, officers and key employees are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our business. In some jurisdictions these investigations may require extensive personal and financial disclosure from major stockholders, directors, officers, and key employees. The failure of any such individuals or entities to submit to such background checks and provide the required disclosure could jeopardize the award of a contract or license to us or provide grounds for termination of an existing contract or license. We also will become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction in which our customers operate in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or that if such licenses are obtained, that such licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked, and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business or prospects. Lottery and gaming authorities generally conduct background investigations of the winning vendor or license applicant, its parent corporation (if any) and its major stockholders, directors, officers and key employees. Generally, regulatory authorities have broad discretion when granting, renewing or revoking these approvals and licenses. Lottery and gaming authorities with which we do business may require the removal of any of our directors or employees who are deemed to be unsuitable and these authorities are generally empowered to disqualify us from receiving a lottery and gaming contract or operating a lottery or gaming system as a result of any such investigation. In addition, certain of the games, hardware, software and other technology or products used in our gaming business must be certified or approved in certain jurisdictions where we operate. Our failure, or the failure of any of our major stockholders, directors, officers, key employees, products or technology, in obtaining or retaining a required license or approval in one jurisdiction could negatively impact our ability (or the ability of any of our major stockholders, directors, officers, key employees, products or technology) to obtain or retain required licenses and approvals in other jurisdictions. The failure to obtain or retain a required license or approval in any jurisdiction would decrease the geographic areas where we are permitted to operate and generate revenue, decrease our share in the lottery or gaming industry and put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. Additional restrictions are often imposed on foreign entities such as us by international jurisdictions in which we seek to market our products or services. 
 In light of these regulations and the potential impact on our business, our restated certificate of incorporation allows for the restriction of stock ownership by persons or entities who fail to comply with informational or other regulatory requirements under applicable gaming laws, who are found unsuitable to hold our stock by gaming authorities or whose stock ownership adversely affects our ability to obtain, maintain, renew or qualify for a license, contract, franchise or other regulatory approval from a gaming authority. The licensing procedures and background investigations of the authorities that regulate our businesses and the restriction in our certificate of incorporation may inhibit potential investors from becoming significant stockholders or inhibit existing stockholders from retaining or increasing their ownership. 
 We are subject to the provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit U.S. persons and companies and their intermediaries from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Certain of these anti-corruption laws also contain provisions that require accurate record keeping and further require companies to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure 
 compliance with these laws, if those controls are ineffective or an employee or intermediary fails to comply with the applicable regulations, we may be subject to criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties. Any such violation could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 We have developed and implemented an internal compliance program in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal requirements imposed in connection with our gaming-related activities, as well as legal requirements generally applicable to all publicly traded corporations. The compliance program is run on a day-to-day basis by our Chief Compliance Officer with legal advice provided by attorneys in our legal and compliance departments and outside experts. The compliance program is overseen by the Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors, consisting entirely of non-employee directors. There can be no assurance that such steps will prevent the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us or an employee will not result in the imposition of a monetary fine or suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses. 
 Gaming opponents persist in their efforts to curtail the expansion of legalized gaming, which, if successful, could limit the growth of our operations. 
 Legalized gaming is subject to opposition from gaming opponents. There can be no assurance that this opposition will not succeed in preventing the legalization of gaming in jurisdictions where these activities are presently prohibited or prohibiting or limiting the expansion of gaming where it is currently permitted. Any successful effort to curtail the expansion of, or limit, legalized gambling could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 We may not succeed in realizing the anticipated benefits of our strategic equity investments and relationships. 
 Under certain circumstances we pursue growth through strategic equity investments, including joint ventures, as a means to, among other things, gain access to new and tactically important geographies, business opportunities and technical expertise, while simultaneously offering the potential for reducing capital requirements. 
 These strategic equity investments currently include investments in LNS, Northstar, Sportech, RCN, as well as our equity investments in China. We are party to strategic agreements with Video B relating to gaming terminals that contemplate our use of, and reliance on, Video B's back-end technology platform in certain  jurisdictions. In 2011, Global Draw completed the migration of its server-based gaming terminals to this back-end technology platform in the U.K. and migrated the majority of our server-based gaming terminals outside the U.K. to this technology during 2012. 
 Northstar, in which we are a 20% equity holder, was awarded the agreement to be the private manager for the Illinois Lottery for a 10-year term following a competitive procurement process, which agreement was executed on January 18, 2011. See "Business-Operational Overview-Printed Products-Northstar" in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Operations under the agreement commenced on July 1, 2011. Under the terms of the agreement, Northstar is entitled to receive annual incentive compensation payments from Illinois to the extent it is successful in increasing the lottery's net income above specified target levels of lottery net income, subject to a cap of 5% of the applicable year's net income. Northstar will be responsible for payments to Illinois to the extent the lottery net income levels set forth in Northstar's successful bid are not achieved, subject to a similar cap. The lottery net income targets set forth in Northstar's successful bid were $851.1 million, $950 million, $980 million, $986 million and $1 billion for the five fiscal years ending June 30, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively, representing a cumulative growth rate in lottery net income over such time period of approximately 49%. These net income targets are subject to upward or downward adjustment under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the agreement. Northstar is entitled to be reimbursed on a monthly basis for most of its operating expenses under the agreement, although certain expenses of Northstar associated with managing the lottery are not reimbursable. Earnings and cash flows from our equity investment in Northstar may be impacted to the extent the lottery achieves, or fails to achieve, the applicable net income targets and will be impacted to the extent Northstar incurs non-reimbursable expenses. 
 In December 2012, we formed Northstar New Jersey Lottery Group, a joint venture with GTECH and a subsidiary of the administrator of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System (OMERS) (“Northstar New Jersey”), to bid to be the private manager for the New Jersey Lottery for a 15-year term. If Northstar New Jersey is selected as the private manager, we expect to own a 17.69% equity interest in the joint venture entity that will execute the private management agreement. 
 In December 2012, a consortium in which we own a 16.5% equity interest was declared the provisional successful bidder in the tender process for a 12-year concession for the exclusive rights to the production, operation and management of instant ticket lotteries in Greece, subject to various regulatory approvals and Greek parliamentary approval. The consortium is principally comprised of OPAP S.A., Intralot and Scientific Games. If the award is approved, the consortium will pay an upfront fee of €190 million, of which our portion will be €31.4 million. Pursuant to our agreement with the consortium, we expect to serve as the exclusive supplier of instant tickets over the term of the concession. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits of these strategic equity investments and other strategic relationships that we may enter into, or may not realize them in the timeframe expected. These arrangements pose significant risks that could have a negative effect on our operations, including: the potential diversion of our management's attention from our core business; the potential failure to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale or other value associated with the arrangements; unanticipated costs and other unanticipated events or circumstances; possible adverse effects on our operating results during any integration process; impairment charges if our strategic equity investments or relationships are not as successful as we originally anticipate; and our potential inability to achieve the intended objectives of the arrangements. 
 Furthermore, our strategic equity investments and other strategic relationships pose risks arising from our reliance on our partners and our lack of sole decision-making authority, which may give rise to disputes between us and our partners. For instance, our investments in LNS and Northstar are minority investments in ventures whose largest equity holders are Lottomatica and GTECH, respectively, and, although certain corporate actions require our prior consent, we do not control decisions relating to the governance of LNS or Northstar. Our partners may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests and goals, take actions contrary to our objectives or policies, undergo a change of control, experience financial and other difficulties or be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under our arrangements. 
 The failure to avoid or mitigate the risks described above or other risks associated with such arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be required to recognize additional impairment charges. 
 We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and our long-lived assets as and when required by accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("U.S. GAAP") to determine whether they are impaired. In 2012, we recorded asset impairment charges of $31.9 million related to the write-down of gaming terminals and software in our gaming business, $5.8 million related to the impairment of certain long-lived assets related to underperforming U.S. Lottery Systems contracts and $4.4 million related to the write-down of certain development costs in our licensed properties business. In addition we recorded $3.4 million of accelerated depreciation expense related to the reorganization of our Australian printing operations. We recorded accelerated depreciation expense of $6.4 million and $8.3 million in 2011 and 2010, respectively, as a result of Global Draw's migration to a new platform technology. In 2010, we recorded asset impairment charges of approximately $17.5 million related to underperforming U.S. Lottery Systems contracts, $3.0 million of impairments related to obsolete equipment in Lottery Systems and $2.5 million of impairments related to obsolete gaming terminals. Refer to the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies—Valuation of long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 1 (Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 7 (Property and Equipment) to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot predict the occurrence of impairments and there can be no assurance that we will not have to record additional impairment charges in the future. 
 Our inability to complete future acquisitions and integrate those businesses successfully could limit our future growth. 
 Part of our corporate strategy is to continue to pursue expansion and strategic acquisition opportunities. In connection with any such acquisitions, we could face significant challenges in managing and integrating the expanded or combined operations, including acquired assets, operations and personnel. There can be no assurance that acquisition opportunities will be available on acceptable terms or at all or that we will be able to obtain necessary financing or regulatory approvals to complete potential acquisitions. Our ability to succeed in implementing our strategy will depend to some degree upon the ability of our management to identify, complete and successfully integrate commercially viable acquisitions. Acquisition transactions may disrupt our ongoing business and distract management from other responsibilities. For additional discussion regarding risks relating to the pending merger with WMS, see the risk factors below under the heading "—Risks Relating to Our Pending Merger with WMS”. 
 Our revenue fluctuates due to seasonality and timing of equipment sales and, therefore, our periodic operating results are not guarantees of future performance. 
 Our revenue can fluctuate due to seasonality in some components of our business. The summer season historically has been the weakest part of the year for certain parts of our lottery business, particularly where our revenue is tied to a percentage of retail sales such as under our CSP contracts. Our Gaming LBO service revenue is typically lower in the first and third quarters of the year as there is generally a lower volume of players in the LBOs during those quarters. 
 Our Lottery Systems service revenue can be somewhat dependent on the size of jackpots of lottery games such as Powerball and Mega Millions during the relevant period. Our licensed properties instant ticket revenue and our sales revenue can fluctuate due to the non-recurring nature of these revenue streams. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to develop, enhance and/or introduce successful gaming concepts and game content. 
 Lottery and gaming equipment sales and software license revenue usually reflects a limited number of large transactions, which may not recur on an annual basis. Consequently, revenue and operating margins can vary substantially from period to period as a result of the timing and magnitude of major equipment sales and software license revenue. As a general matter, lottery and gaming equipment sales generate lower operating margins than revenue from other aspects of our business. In addition, instant ticket sales may vary depending on the season and timing of contract awards, changes in customer budgets, ticket inventory levels, lottery retail sales and general economic conditions. 
 Our businesses, including our Gaming businesses, develop and source game content both internally and through third-party suppliers. We also seek to secure third-party brands for incorporation into our game content. We believe creative and appealing game content produces more revenue for the gaming terminal customers of our Gaming businesses and provides them with a competitive advantage, which in turn enhances their revenue and their ability to attract new business or to retain existing business. In our lottery business, we believe that innovative gaming concepts and game content, such as multiplier games from our Lottery Systems segment and licensed properties game content from our Printed Products segment, can enhance the revenue of our lottery customers and distinguish us from our competitors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to sustain the success of our existing game content or effectively develop or obtain from third parties game content or licensed properties that will be widely accepted both by our customers and their end users. 
 We are dependent on our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and any failure of these parties to meet our performance and quality standards or requirements could cause us to incur additional costs or lose customers. 
 Our production of instant lottery tickets, in particular, depends upon a continuous supply of raw materials, supplies, power and natural resources. Our operating results could be adversely affected by an interruption or cessation in the supply of these items or a serious quality assurance lapse, including as a result of the insolvency of any of our key suppliers. 
 Similarly, production of our presses and lottery and gaming systems is dependent upon a regular and continuous supply of components many of which are manufactured outside of the United States. The assembly of many of our terminals and other hardware is performed by third parties. Any interruption or cessation in the supply of these items or services or any material quality assurance lapse with respect thereto could materially adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders, our financial condition or our results of operations. 
 We transmit certain wagering data utilizing satellite transponders, generally pursuant to long-term contracts. The technical failure of any of these satellites would require us to obtain other communication services, including other satellite access. In some cases, we employ backup systems to limit our exposure in the event of such a failure. There can be no assurance of access to such other satellites or, if available, the ability to obtain the use of such other satellites on favorable terms or in a timely manner. While satellite failures are infrequent, the operation of satellites is outside of our control. 
 In addition, our gaming businesses include a number of significant contracts where performance depends upon our third-party suppliers delivering equipment on schedule in order to meet our contract commitments. Failure of the suppliers to meet their delivery commitments could result in us being in breach of, and subsequently losing, those contracts, which loss could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may be liable for product defects or other claims relating to our products. 
 Our products could be defective, fail to perform as designed or otherwise cause harm to our customers, their equipment or their products. If any of our products are defective, we may be required to recall the products and/or repair or replace them, which could result in substantial expenses and affect our profitability. Any problem with the performance of our products, such as an instant ticket misprint, could harm our reputation, which could result in a loss of sales to customers and/or potential customers. In addition, if our customers believe that they have suffered harm caused by our products, they could bring claims against us that could result in significant liability. Any claims brought against us by customers may result in diversion of management's time and attention, expenditure of large amounts of cash on legal fees and payment of damages, decreased demand for our products or services, or injury to our reputation. Our insurance may not sufficiently cover a large judgment against us or a large settlement payment, and is subject to customary deductibles, limits and exclusions. 
 In October 2012, SNAI S.p.a. ("SNAI") filed a lawsuit in Italy against Barcrest and Global Draw relating to the erroneous printing of what appeared to be winning jackpots on certain video lottery terminals operated by SNAI and supplied by Barcrest. For additional information regarding this litigation, see "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have foreign operations, which subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and other risks. 
 We are a global business and derive a substantial and growing portion of our revenue and profits from operations outside the United States. In the year ended December 31, 2012, we derived approximately 53% of our revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States. 
 Our consolidated financial results are significantly affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign currency exchange rate exposures arise from current transactions and anticipated transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars and from the translation of foreign currency balance sheet accounts into U.S. dollar-denominated balance sheet accounts. We are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations because a significant portion of our revenue is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, particularly the British Pound Sterling and the Euro. In particular, uncertainty regarding economic conditions in Europe and the debt crisis affecting certain countries in the European Union poses risk to the stability of the Euro. Exchange rate fluctuations have in the past adversely affected our operating results and cash flows and may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows and the value of our assets outside the U.S. in the future. 
 From time to time, we enter into foreign currency forward or other hedging contracts. We are subject to the risk that a counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contracts. During an economic downturn, a counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. In the event of a counterparty default, we could incur losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. In the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty. 
 Our operations in foreign jurisdictions subject us to additional risks customarily associated with such operations, including: 
 the complexity of foreign laws, regulations and markets; 
 the impact of foreign labor laws and disputes; 
 other economic, tax and regulatory policies of local governments; and 
 the ability to attract and retain key personnel in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Additionally, foreign taxes paid by our foreign subsidiaries and equity investees on their earnings may not be recovered against our U.S. tax liability. At December 31, 2012, we had a deferred tax asset for our foreign tax credit ("FTC") carry forward of approximately $18.2 million. Although we will continue to explore tax planning strategies to use all of our FTC carry forward, at December 31, 2012, we established a valuation allowance of approximately $18.2 million against the FTC deferred tax asset to reduce the asset to the net amount that our management estimates is "more likely than not" to be realized. 
 In addition, our ability to expand successfully in foreign jurisdictions involves other risks, including difficulties in integrating foreign operations, risks associated with entering jurisdictions in which we may have little experience and the day-to-day management of a growing and increasingly geographically diverse company. Our investment in foreign jurisdictions often entails entering into joint ventures or other business relationships with locally based entities, which can involve additional risks arising from our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on a partner's financial condition, inconsistency between our business interests or goals and those of our partners and disputes between us and our partners. 
 Through our joint ventures and wholly owned foreign enterprises, we have lottery-related investments and business operations in China. Our business in, and results of operations from, China are subject to a number of risks, including risks relating to competition in China, our ability to finance or refinance our operations in China, the complex regulatory environment, our ability to receive timely product approvals, the political climate in China, the Chinese economy and our joint venture and other business partners in China. 
 We have seen a recent decline in our instant ticket validation revenue and our joint venture's instant ticket printing revenue in China. We believe there is sustained consumer demand for lottery products generally, as retail sales of the entire lottery segment in China grew in 2012, but that competition from other lottery products is impacting instant ticket sales. We anticipate that the reversal of the decline in our instant ticket business in China will depend, in part, on sustained consumer demand for lottery products, expanding the lottery retailer network and increasing our involvement in the game selection process. There can be no assurance that lottery product demand will be sustained or that the decline in our instant ticket business will subside or reverse, and we cannot predict the rate of retailer expansion or the success of our other growth initiatives. 
 There can be no assurance that legal and regulatory requirements in China will not change or that China's central or local governments will not impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would impose additional costs on our operations in China or even restrict or prohibit such operations. For example, comprehensive legislation 
 regulating competition took effect on August 1, 2008. This law, among other things, prohibits certain types of agreements (unless they fall within specified exemptions) and certain behavior classified as abuse of dominant market position or intellectual property rights. Additionally, new lottery regulations providing for enhanced supervision of the lottery industry in China became effective on July 1, 2009. We cannot predict with certainty what impact these laws and regulations or any future laws and regulations (or implementing rules or enforcement policies relating to any of the foregoing) will have on our business in China. 
 We may not realize the operating efficiencies, competitive advantages or financial results that we anticipate from our investments in foreign jurisdictions and our failure to effectively manage the risks associated with our operations in foreign jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business or prospects. 
 If certain of our key personnel leave us, our business will be significantly adversely affected. 
 We depend on the continued performance of our executive officers and key personnel, including A. Lorne Weil, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. If we lose the services of any of our executive officers or key personnel and cannot find suitable replacements for such persons in a timely manner, it could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We could incur costs in the event of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws. 
 Our operations and real property are subject to U.S. and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur costs, including cleanup costs, fines or penalties, and third-party claims as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent or reduce environmental pollution, and these permits are subject to review, renewal and modification by issuing authorities. 
 Failure to perform under our lottery and gaming contracts may result in litigation, substantial monetary liquidated damages and contract termination. 
 Our business subjects us to contract penalties and risks of litigation, including due to potential allegations that we have not fully performed under our contracts or that goods or services we supply are defective in some respect. Litigation is pending in Colombia arising out of the termination of certain Colombian lottery contracts in 1993. An agency of the Colombian government has asserted claims against certain parties, including SGI, which owned a minority interest in Wintech de Colombia S.A., or Wintech (now liquidated), the former operator of the Colombian national lottery. The claims are for, among other things, contract penalties, interest and the amount of a bond issued by a Colombian surety. For additional information regarding this litigation, see "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There can be no assurance that this litigation will not be finally resolved adversely to us or result in material liability. 
 In addition, our lottery contracts typically permit a lottery authority to terminate the contract at any time for a material failure to perform, other specified reasons and, in many cases, for no reason at all. Lottery contracts to which we are a party also frequently contain exacting implementation schedules and performance requirements and the failure to meet these schedules and requirements may result in substantial monetary liquidated damages, as well as possible contract termination. We are also required by certain of our lottery customers to provide surety or performance bonds. We have paid or incurred liquidated damages under our lottery contracts and material amounts of liquidated damages could be imposed on us in the future, which could, if imposed, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business or prospects. 
 Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Certain of our employees are represented by unions, including a majority of the employees at our printing facilities in Canada, Chile and the United Kingdom. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter any conflicts or strikes with any labor union that represents our employees, which could have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations, cause us to lose customers or cause our customers' operations to be affected and could have permanent effects on our business. 
 Risks Relating to Our Pending Merger with WMS 
 We may be unable to obtain the approvals required to complete the merger with WMS or, in order to obtain such approvals, we may have to take actions that could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 On January 30, 2013, we entered into a merger agreement under which we agreed to acquire WMS. Under the terms of the merger agreement, the closing of the merger is subject to, among other conditions, receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities relating to WMS' gaming operations. There can be no assurance that we will obtain all the required gaming approvals within the timeframe necessary to consummate the merger. Under certain circumstances specified in the merger agreement, we may be required to pay to WMS a termination fee of $80.0 million if we are unable to obtain the required gaming approvals. In addition, as a condition to granting their approval, certain gaming authorities may require us to 
 agree to concessions or undertakings that could have an adverse effect on our business or that of the combined company following the merger. 
 Failure to complete the merger could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results and could negatively impact our stock price. 
 We will incur significant transaction costs relating to the merger, including legal, accounting, financial advisory, regulatory and other expenses. In connection with the merger, we currently expect to incur regulatory costs, professional fees and other expenses totaling approximately $4.0 million to $6.0 million in the first quarter of 2013, with additional transaction-related fees and expenses anticipated to be incurred throughout the balance of 2013. In general, these expenses are payable by us whether or not the merger is completed. If the merger is not completed under specified circumstances, we may be required to pay to WMS a termination fee of $80.0 million for the failure to obtain the required gaming approvals or $100.0 million for the failure to obtain the required financing. The payment of such transaction costs or termination fees could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, we could be subject to litigation in the event the merger is not consummated, which could subject us to significant liability for damages and result in the incurrence of substantial legal fees. The current market price of our stock may reflect an assumption that the pending merger will occur and failure to complete the merger could result in a decline in our stock price. 
 Several putative class action lawsuits have been filed on behalf of WMS' stockholders relating to the pending merger which name us and, in some cases, certain of our affiliates, as defendants. If these actions or similar actions that may be brought are successful, the merger with WMS could be delayed or prevented. For additional information regarding pending litigation relating to the WMS merger, see "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 If completed, the merger with WMS may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our current plans and operations. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the businesses of Scientific Games and WMS or do so within the intended timeframe or otherwise realize the expected benefits of the merger. The expected costs savings and operating synergies of the merger may not be fully realized, which could result in increased costs and have an adverse effect on the combined company's financial results and prospects. Our business may be negatively impacted following the merger if we are unable to effectively manage our expanded operations. The integration will require significant time and focus from management following the merger and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of the combined business. Additionally, consummation of the merger could disrupt current plans and operations, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 Certain holders of our common stock exert significant influence over the Company and may make decisions that conflict with the interests of other stockholders. 
 In August 2004, MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc. was issued approximately 25% of our outstanding common stock in connection with its conversion of our then outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. According to an amendment to Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on September 11, 2012, this holder beneficially owns 32,505,737 shares of our common stock, or approximately 38.3% of our outstanding common stock as of March 8, 2013. Pursuant to a stockholders' agreement with us, which we originally entered into with holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, such holder is entitled to appoint up to four members of our Board of Directors and certain actions of the Company require the approval of such holder. As a result, this holder has the ability to exert significant influence over our business and may make decisions with which other stockholders may disagree, including, among other things, delaying, discouraging or preventing a change of control of the Company or a potential merger, consolidation, tender offer, takeover or other business combination. 
 The price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile 
 Our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, many of which are outside our control, including variations in operating results, actions and pronouncements by various regulatory agencies, litigation, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, rating agency reports, performance of other companies that investors or security analysts deem comparable to us, news reports and announcements relating to our business and those of our competitors, responses to our pending merger with WMS, general and industry-specific economic conditions, public sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, and general market conditions. During the 52-week period ended March 8, 2013, our stock price fluctuated between a high of $12.29 and a low of $5.53. This significant stock price fluctuation may make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock when they want and at prices they find attractive.