The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also materially and adversely affect our business operations. You should also refer to the other information contained in our periodic reports, including the Forward-Looking Statements section, our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a further discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our business. Except where the context otherwise indicates, references below to "we," "our," "ours," and "us" includes our subsidiaries, including WMS. 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Industry 
 We operate in highly competitive industries and our success depends on our ability to effectively compete with numerous domestic and foreign businesses. 
 We face significant competition as we seek to offer products and services in our traditional lottery and gaming businesses and in the evolving interactive lottery and interactive gaming industries, not only from our traditional competitors but also from a number of other domestic and foreign providers (or, in some cases, the operators themselves), some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience than we do. In addition, we cannot assure you that our products and services will be successful or that we will be able to attract and retain players as our products and services compete with other offerings, which may impact our profitability. 
 Lottery 
 Our lottery business faces competition from a number of domestic and foreign businesses, some of which have substantially greater financial resources than we do, which impacts our ability to win new contracts and renew existing contracts. We continue to operate in a period of intense price-based competition, which has affected and could continue to affect the number and the profitability of the lottery contracts we win. 
 Contract awards by lottery authorities are sometimes challenged by unsuccessful bidders through costly and protracted legal proceedings that can result in delayed implementation or cancellation of awards. In addition, the U.S. lottery industry has matured such that the number of states conducting lotteries is unlikely to increase materially in the near-term. 
 We believe our principal competitors in the instant lottery game business have increased their production capacity, which has increased, and is expected to continue to increase, pricing pressures in the instant lottery game business, which may adversely affect our ability to win or renew instant lottery game contracts or may reduce the profitability of instant lottery game contracts that we do win. We also compete in the international instant lottery game business with low-price, low-quality printers in a regulated environment where laws are being reinterpreted so as to create competition from non-traditional lottery vendors and products. Our U.S. instant lottery game business could be adversely affected if additional foreign competitors operating in Canada export their lottery products to the U.S. if other foreign competitors establish printing facilities in the U.S. or Canada to supply the U.S. 
 We face increased price competition in our lottery systems business from our two principal competitors. Since late 2007, we have lost lottery systems contracts to our competitors following the expiration of those contracts in South Carolina, West Virginia, South Dakota, New Hampshire, Vermont and Colorado, as well as with the Atlantic Lottery Corporation. 
 As some jurisdictions seek to privatize or outsource lottery operations (including partial privatizations through private management agreements or otherwise), we face competition from both traditional and new competitors with respect to these opportunities. Our lottery systems contract with the Indiana lottery was terminated in 2013 in connection with the award of a private management agreement to one of our competitors. In some cases, we may find it necessary or desirable to enter into strategic relationships with third parties, including competitors, to pursue these opportunities. 
 Pricing pressures and privatization of some lotteries may also change the manner in which lottery system and instant lottery game contracts are awarded and the profitability of those contracts. Any future success of our lottery business will also depend, in part, on the success of the lottery industry in attracting and retaining players in the face of increased competition for these players' entertainment dollars, as well as our own success in developing innovative products and systems to achieve this goal. Our failure to achieve this goal could reduce our revenue from our lottery operations. Additionally, pressure on state and other government budgets could lead to other forms of gaming being legalized, which could adversely impact our lottery business. 
 Gaming 
 Our gaming business faces significant competition, including from illegal operators. We compete on price, pricing models, financing terms and the content, features, quality and functionality of our gaming products and services. The consolidation of casino operators and reduction in capital expenditures by casino operators resulting from the economic downturn and decreased player activity have significantly increased the level of competition among both casino operators and gaming machine providers.  Although the expansion of land-based gaming increases demand for our gaming products, new casinos that open in certain jurisdictions compete with our existing casino customers for players, which may reduce our customers’ income and therefore decrease the capital available to them for purchasing our products.  This increased competition for players among casinos has also led casino customers to increasingly focus on price in addition to performance, longevity and player acceptance when selecting gaming machines.  Casinos also consider game performance when making their purchasing decisions.  Game performance can be impacted by the number and placement of gaming machines on the casino floor.  Therefore, we also compete to obtain space and favorable placement on casino gaming floors.  Competitors with a larger installed base of gaming machines and more game themes than ours have an advantage in obtaining and retaining the most space and best positions in casinos.  However, we also face competition from the increased number of small gaming equipment companies that have emerged in the gaming space in recent years.  These small gaming equipment companies may focus their resources on developing a smaller number of high-performing products than we do, may offer more favorable pricing or financing to customers, and may offer customers gaming machines on a trial basis more frequently than we do, any of which could give them a competitive advantage. 
 Under certain circumstances, we have offered customers free conversion kits (and, in some cases, free gaming machines) in connection with the sale of new gaming machines or the placement of participation gaming machines. There can be no assurance that competitive pressure will not cause us to increase the number of free conversion kits or free gaming machines that we offer to our customers, which would decrease our expected margins. 
 Our casino gaming business expanded the use of extended payment term financing for gaming machine purchases and we expect to continue providing a higher level of extended payment term financing in this business until the economy improves and demand for such financings abates. We believe that our competitors have also increased the amount of extended payment term financings offered to customers. Our competitors may provide a greater amount of financing or better terms than we do and this may impact demand for our gaming machines. 
 In addition, some of our competitors have developed and sell or otherwise provide centralized player tracking and accounting systems to casino customers, which allows those customers to accumulate accounting and performance data about the operation of gaming machines. As we do not currently offer these systems, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. 
 Our interactive social gaming and interactive RMG businesses are also subject to significant competition. The interactive side of our business focuses on the supply of game content to online casino operators, and there are a number of competitors in that industry.  Additionally, as we have expanded into interactive social gaming, several of our competitors and other companies have also introduced social gaming offerings and we anticipate that more companies will explore this opportunity in the future. In order to stay competitive in both our interactive social gaming and real money gaming businesses, we will need to continue to create game content that attracts players and invest in new and emerging technologies. 
 Unfavorable U.S. and international economic conditions may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions, including recession, economic slowdown and relatively high rates of unemployment, have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on our business and results of operations. We cannot fully predict the effects that unfavorable economic conditions and economic uncertainty will have on us as they also impact our customers, suppliers and business partners. 
 In our lottery business, we believe that the difficult economic conditions have contributed to reductions in spending on marketing by our customers and, in certain instances, less favorable terms under our contracts, as many of our customers face significant budget shortfalls and seek to cut costs. 
 In our gaming business, especially our participation business, our revenues are driven in large part by players’ disposable incomes and level of gaming activity. Unfavorable economic conditions have reduced the disposable incomes of casino patrons and resulted in fewer patrons visiting casinos and lower amounts spent per casino visit. A further or extended decline in disposable income could result in reduced play levels on our participation gaming machines, causing our cash flows and revenues from these products to decline. Additionally, higher airfares, gasoline prices and other costs may adversely affect the number of players visiting our customers’ casinos.  A decline in play levels may also negatively impact the cash flows of our casino customers and their ability to purchase our products and services.  Unfavorable economic conditions may result in volatility in the credit and equity markets.  The difficulty or inability of our customers to generate or obtain adequate levels of capital to finance their ongoing operations may reduce their ability to purchase our products and services. 
 Current unfavorable economic conditions have impacted, and could continue to impact, the ability of our customers to make timely payments to us. In addition, continued unfavorable conditions could cause some of our gaming customers to ultimately declare bankruptcy, which would adversely affect our business. In recent years, our casino gaming business expanded the use of extended payment term financing for gaming machine purchases and we expect to continue providing a higher level of extended payment term financing in this business until demand from our customers for such financings abates. These financing arrangements may increase our collection risk and, if customers are not able to pay us, whether as a result of financial difficulties, bankruptcy or otherwise, we may incur provisions for bad debt related to our inability to collect certain receivables. In addition, both extended payment term financing and operating leases result in a delay in our receipt of cash, which reduces our cash balance, liquidity and financial flexibility to respond to changing economic events. 
 There are ongoing concerns regarding the debt burden of certain countries, particularly in Europe and South America, and their ability to meet their future financial obligations, which have resulted in downgrades of the debt ratings for these countries. We currently operate in, and our growth strategy may involve pursuing expansion or business opportunities in, certain of these countries, such as Italy and Greece. These sovereign debt concerns, whether real or perceived, could result in a recession, prolonged economic slowdown, or otherwise negatively impact the general health and stability of the economies in these countries or more broadly. In more severe cases, this could result in a limitation on the availability of capital, thereby restricting our liquidity and negatively impacting our operating results. 
 Our future profits may be negatively impacted by the slow growth of new gaming jurisdictions or slow addition of casinos in existing jurisdiction and by, declines in the replacement cycle of gaming machines. 
 Demand for our gaming products is driven by the establishment of new land-based or online gaming jurisdictions, the opening of additional casinos in existing jurisdictions, the expansion of existing casinos and the replacement of existing gaming machines in existing casinos.  The opening of new casinos and expansion of existing casinos fluctuates with demand, economic conditions, regulatory approvals and the availability of financing. In addition, the expansion of gaming into new jurisdictions can be a protracted process. In the U.S., governments usually require a public referendum and legislative action before establishing or expanding gaming, whether in a land-based or online capacity. Any of these delays and challenges could delay, restrict or prohibit the expansion of our gaming operations and negatively impact our future profits. 
 Over the years, due to the economic slowdown, the replacement cycle for gaming machines has grown longer.  Low levels of demand for gaming machine replacements could reduce the demand for our products and negatively impact our future profits. 
 Our future profits may be negatively impacted by ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry. 
 As repeat customers represent a substantial part of our revenues in our casino gaming business, our business and profits could be affected if our casino customers are sold to or merge with other entities. Such entities may purchase more products and services of our competitors, reduce spending on our products, or cause downward pricing pressures. Consolidation among casino operators could result in order cancellations, a slowing in the replacement cycle for existing gaming machines, or require our current customers to purchase our competitors’ products, any of which could negatively impact our gaming business. 
 Gaming opponents persist in their efforts to curtail the expansion of legalized gaming, which, if successful, could limit the growth of our operations. 
 There is significant debate over, and opposition to, gaming (both land-based and interactive). There can be no assurance that this opposition will not succeed in preventing the legalization of gaming in jurisdictions where it is presently prohibited, prohibiting or limiting the expansion of gaming where it is currently permitted or causing the repeal of legalized gaming in any jurisdiction. Any successful effort to curtail the expansion of, or limit or prohibit, legalized gaming could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Our success is dependent upon our ability to adapt to and offer products that keep pace with evolving technology related to our businesses. 
 The success of our products and services is affected by changing technology and evolving industry standards. Our ability to anticipate or respond to such changes and to develop and introduce new and enhanced products and services, including, but not limited to, games, gaming machines and interactive lottery and interactive gaming products and services, on a timely basis or at all is a significant factor affecting our ability to remain competitive, retain existing contracts or business, expand and attract new customers and players. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the necessary technological advances or have the financial resources needed to introduce new products or services on a timely basis or at all or that we will otherwise have the ability to compete effectively in the industries we serve. 
 In our gaming business, our success depends upon our ability to adapt our manufacturing capabilities and processes to meet the demands of producing new and innovative products. Because our newer products are generally more technologically sophisticated than those we have produced in the past, we must continually refine our production capabilities to meet the needs of our product innovations. If we cannot efficiently adapt our manufacturing infrastructure to meet the needs of our product innovations, or if we are unable to upgrade our production capacity in a timely manner, our gaming business could be negatively impacted. In addition, the social and mobile gaming landscape is rapidly evolving and is characterized by major fluctuations in the popularity of social and mobile products and platforms. We may be unable to develop products at a rate necessary to respond to these changes, or at all, or that anticipate the interests of social and mobile players. 
 Our success also depends on creating products and services with strong and sustained player appeal. We are under continuous pressure to anticipate player reactions to, and acceptance of, our new products, avoid jackpot fatigue (declining play levels on smaller jackpots) and continue to provide successful products that generate a high level of play. In some cases, a new game or gaming machine will only be accepted by our casino or interactive customers if we can demonstrate that it is likely to produce more revenue and net win and/or has more player appeal than our existing products and services or our competitors’ products and services. 
 WAP and premium participation gaming machines are replaced on short notice by casino operators if they do not meet and sustain revenue and profitability expectations. In addition, our gaming machines may be installed in casinos on a trial basis and customers may not ultimately purchase them after expiration of the trial period. Customers may cancel pending orders with us if our products are not performing to expectations at other casinos. 
 Our network gaming applications interface with operating system software on each gaming machine, which we refer to as a "game platform." The game platform manages the software needed to operate the gaming machine. Our network gaming applications, game platforms and the related computer systems are frequently updated and revised to keep pace with the ever-increasing complexity of modern game play, technology and regulatory requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to update or manage these systems, obtain all necessary approvals to continue to operate such systems or that the approval process will not result in costly delays, lost network gaming application revenue or changes to our business plans. 
 In the past, we have experienced delays in launching new products due to the complex or innovative technologies embedded in our products. Such delays can cause a decrease in our revenue. If new participation game themes are not approved as quickly as anticipated and therefore do not replace older game themes as quickly as anticipated, we may experience a higher level of gaming machine removals due to the performance of such older game themes. Any such increase in removal levels may cause a reduction in our installed base of gaming machines and our revenues and profits. 
 We have invested, and may continue to invest, significant resources in R&D efforts. We invest in a number of areas, including product development for game and system-based hardware, software and game content. If a new product does not gain market acceptance, our business could be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that our investment in R&D will lead to successful new technologies or products. If a new product is not successful, we may not recover our development, regulatory approval or promotion costs. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to develop, enhance and/or introduce successful gaming concepts and game content. 
 Our businesses develop and source game content both internally and through third-party suppliers. We also seek to secure third-party brands for incorporation into our game content. We believe that creative and appealing game content produces more revenue for our gaming machine customers and provides them with a competitive advantage, which in turn enhances our revenue and our ability to attract new business and to retain existing business. In our lottery business, we believe that innovative gaming concepts and game content, such as multiplier games and game content that incorporates licensed brands, can enhance the revenue of our lottery customers and distinguish us from our competitors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to sustain the success of our existing game content or effectively develop or obtain from third parties game content or licensed brands that will be widely accepted both by our customers and players. 
 We and our industries are subject to strict government regulations that may limit our existing operations and have an adverse impact on our ability to grow. 
 In the U.S. and many other countries, the provision of lottery and gaming products and services is subject to extensive and evolving regulation. These regulatory requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Therefore, we are subject to a wide range of complex laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed or operate. Most jurisdictions require that we be licensed, that our key personnel and certain of our security holders be found suitable or be licensed, and that our products be reviewed and approved before placement. Licenses, approvals or findings of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned. If a license, approval or finding of suitability is required by a regulatory authority and we fail to seek or do not receive the necessary approval, license or finding of suitability, or if it is granted and subsequently revoked, then we may be 
 prohibited from providing our products or services for use in the particular jurisdiction. In addition, the loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license, or affect our eligibility for a license, in other jurisdictions. We may also become subject to regulation in any new jurisdictions in which we decide to operate in the future, including due to expansion of a customer's operations. Gaming authorities may levy fines against us or seize certain of our assets if we violate gaming regulations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain the necessary licenses or approvals or that the licensing process will not result in delays or adversely affect our operations. The failure to obtain or retain a required license or approval in any jurisdiction would decrease the geographic areas where we are permitted to operate and generate revenue, may limit our ability to obtain a license in other jurisdictions and may put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. 
 Often, our games, gaming machine hardware and software and our interactive gaming products and services must be approved in the jurisdictions in which they are operated, and we cannot assure you that such products or services will be approved in any jurisdiction. Our networked gaming technology requires regulatory approval in gaming jurisdictions prior to the shipment or implementation of any gaming machines, products or services and, although we have received approvals from the jurisdictions in which we currently operate this technology, we cannot assure you that we will receive the approvals necessary to offer it in additional gaming jurisdictions. Many of our customers are required to be licensed and delays in approvals of our customers’ operations or expansions may adversely affect our operations. 
 The regulatory review process and licensing requirements also may preclude us from using technologies owned or developed by third parties if those parties are unwilling to subject themselves to regulatory review or do not meet regulatory requirements. Some gaming authorities require gaming manufacturers to obtain approval before engaging in certain transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers, reorganizations, financings, stock offerings and share repurchases. Obtaining such approvals can be costly and time consuming and there can be no assurance that such approvals will be granted or that the approval process will not result in delays or disruptions to our strategic objectives. 
 The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future, including changes that limit some or all of our existing operations in that jurisdiction, and any such change could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, business or prospects. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the operation of lotteries, video gaming terminals, internet gaming, the manufacture and distribution of gaming machines, or other forms of lottery or gaming will be approved by additional jurisdictions or that those jurisdictions in which these activities are currently permitted will continue to permit such activities. Laws and regulations relating to interactive lottery and interactive gaming are evolving. For additional discussion regarding risks associated with the evolving interactive regulatory landscape, see the risk factor below captioned "-We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends and changes in the lottery and gaming industries, including due to laws and regulations governing these jurisdictions." 
 There is ongoing adverse publicity in the U.K. surrounding casino-style games available on fixed odds betting terminals.  In particular, there have been discussions regarding restricting the number of fixed odds betting terminals permitted at a specific location or a specific area, reductions in the maximum stakes and payout limits, and restrictions on the speed of play and payment methods, any of which could negatively impact our gaming business in the U.K. We cannot predict the likelihood, timing, scope or terms of any such restrictions. In October 2013, the U.K. Gambling Commission (“UKGC”) published its interpretation of certain of the restrictions set forth in the U.K. Gambling Act of 2005, in particular that the operation of gaming machines in betting shops is only lawful if the premises are used primarily for gambling activities. Among other things, the UKGC interpretation could result in decreased gaming activity if betting shops that do not fulfill the aforementioned criteria cease to operate. Additionally, the U.K. Anti Money Laundering Directive, which is scheduled to be implemented throughout the European Union in 2014, expands the scope of certain anti-money laundering directives to include betting shops and LBOs, which may result in increased compliance costs for our international customers. We cannot predict the extent to which any of the foregoing could affect our customers or our U.K. gaming business. 
 There can be no assurance that authorities will not seek to restrict our business in their jurisdictions or institute enforcement proceedings against us. In addition, there can be no assurance that any instituted enforcement proceedings will be favorably resolved, or that such proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain and renew existing licenses or to obtain new licenses in other jurisdictions. Our reputation may also be damaged by any legal or regulatory investigation, regardless of whether or not we are ultimately accused of, or found to have committed, any violation. 
 We and certain of our affiliates, major stockholders (generally persons and entities beneficially owning a specified percentage (typically 5% or more) of our equity securities), directors, officers and key employees are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our businesses. In some jurisdictions, these investigations may require extensive personal and financial disclosure from major stockholders, directors, officers and key employees. The failure of any such individuals or entities to submit to such background checks and provide the required disclosure could jeopardize the award of a contract or license to us or provide grounds for termination of an existing contract or license. Regulatory authorities generally have broad discretion when granting, renewing or revoking these approvals and licenses. Lottery and gaming authorities may require the removal of any of our directors or employees who are deemed to be unsuitable and these authorities 
 are generally empowered to disqualify us from receiving a lottery or gaming contract, offering our gaming or lottery products in that jurisdiction a result of any such investigation. Our failure, or the failure of any of our major stockholders, directors, officers, key employees, products or technology, to obtain or retain a required license or approval in one jurisdiction could negatively impact our ability (or the ability of any of our major stockholders, directors, officers, key employees, products or technology) to obtain or retain required licenses and approvals in other jurisdictions. 
 In light of these regulations and the potential impact on our business, our restated certificate of incorporation allows for the restriction of stock ownership by persons or entities who fail to comply with informational or other regulatory requirements under applicable gaming laws, who are found unsuitable to hold our stock by gaming authorities or whose stock ownership adversely affects our ability to obtain, maintain, renew or qualify for a license, contract, franchise or other regulatory approval from a gaming authority. The licensing procedures and background investigations of the authorities that regulate our businesses and the restriction in our certificate of incorporation may inhibit potential investors from becoming significant stockholders or inhibit existing stockholders from retaining or increasing their ownership. 
 Our businesses are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing data privacy and security, including with respect to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer data. In particular, the European Union has adopted strict data privacy regulations. The scope of data privacy and security regulations is evolving and we believe that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area is likely within the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Compliance with data privacy and security restrictions could increase the cost of our operations and failure to comply with such restrictions could subject us to criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties. 
 We are subject to the provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit U.S. persons and companies and their agents from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Certain of these anti-corruption laws also contain provisions that require accurate record keeping and further require companies to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws, if those controls are ineffective or an employee or intermediary fails to comply with the applicable regulations, we may be subject to criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties. Any such violation could disrupt our business and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 We have developed and implemented an internal compliance program in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal requirements imposed in connection with our gaming and lottery activities, as well as legal requirements generally applicable to all publicly traded corporations. The compliance program is run on a day-to-day basis by our chief compliance officer with legal advice provided by attorneys in our legal and compliance departments and outside experts. The compliance program is overseen by the compliance committee of our board of directors, consisting entirely of non-employee directors. There can be no assurance that such steps will prevent the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us or an employee will not result in the imposition of a monetary fine, suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses or other penalties. See Exhibit 99.9 “Gaming Regulations” for additional information regarding certain of the regulations that govern our gaming business. 
 We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of internet or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends and changes in the lottery and gaming industries, including due to laws and regulations governing these industries. 
 We participate in the new and evolving interactive lottery and interactive gaming industries through our online, social, casual and mobile products. Part of our strategy is to take advantage of the liberalization of internet and mobile gaming, both within the U.S. and internationally. These industries involve significant risks and uncertainties, including legal, business and financial risks. The success of these industries and of our interactive products and services may be affected by future developments in social networks, including Facebook, mobile platforms, regulatory developments, data privacy laws and other factors that we are unable to predict and are beyond our control. This fast-changing environment can make it difficult to plan strategically and can provide opportunities for competitors to grow revenues at our expense. Consequently, our future operating results relating to our interactive lottery and gaming products and services are difficult to predict and we cannot provide assurance that these products and services will grow at the rates we expect, or be successful in the long term. 
 In general, our ability to successfully pursue our interactive lottery and gaming strategy depends on the laws and regulations relating to wagering through interactive channels. Until recently, there was uncertainty as to whether the Federal Wire Act of 1961 (the "Wire Act") prohibited states from conducting intrastate lottery transactions via the internet if the transmissions over the internet during the transaction crossed state lines. In late 2011, the Office of Legal Counsel of the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") issued an opinion to the effect that state lottery ticket sales over the internet to in-state adults do not violate the Wire Act. The opinion may provide an impetus for states to authorize forms of interactive lottery or interactive gaming in order to generate additional revenue. However, to the extent states wish to pursue interactive gaming, such states 
 may be required or otherwise deem it advisable to enact enabling legislation or new regulations addressing the sale of lottery tickets or the offering of other forms of gaming through interactive channels, such as the actions taken by Delaware, Nevada and New Jersey recently to authorize various forms of internet gaming. Despite the 2011 DOJ opinion, there are still significant forces working to limit or prohibit interactive lottery and gaming in the U.S. The enactment of internet gaming legislation that federalizes significant aspects of the regulation of internet gaming and/or limits the forms of internet wagering that are permissible could have an adverse impact on our ability to pursue our interactive strategy in the U.S. Internationally, laws relating to internet gaming are evolving, particularly in Europe. To varying degrees, a number of European governments have taken steps to change the regulation of internet wagering through the implementation of new or revised licensing and taxation regimes, including the possible imposition of sanctions on unlicensed providers. We cannot predict the timing, scope or terms of any such state, federal or foreign laws and regulations, or the extent to which any such laws and regulations will facilitate or hinder our interactive strategy. 
 With respect to our social gaming business, although largely unregulated at this time, there are movements in some jurisdictions to review social gaming and possibly implement social gaming regulations. We cannot predict the certainty, timing, scope or terms of any such regulation or the extent to which they may affect our social gaming business. 
 In jurisdictions that authorize internet gaming, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in offering our technology, content and services to internet gaming operators as we expect to face intense competition from our traditional competitors in the lottery and gaming industries as well as a number of other domestic and foreign providers (or, in some cases, the operators themselves), some of which have substantially greater financial resources and/or experience in this area than we do. In addition, there is a risk that the authorization of the sale of lottery and gaming offerings via interactive channels in a particular jurisdiction could, under certain circumstances, adversely impact our lottery and gaming product sales through traditional channels in such jurisdiction. Any such adverse impact would be magnified to the extent we are not involved in, and generating revenue from, the provision of interactive products or services in such jurisdiction. Know-your-customer (KYC) and geo-location programs and technologies supplied by third parties are an important aspect of certain internet or mobile gaming products and services because they confirm certain information with respect to players and prospective players, such as age, identity and location. Payment processing programs and technologies, typically provided by third parties, are also a necessary feature of interactive wagering products and services. These programs and technologies are costly and may have an adverse impact on our interactive gaming revenue. Additionally, there can be no assurance that products containing these programs and technologies will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or that they will perform accurately or otherwise in accordance with our required specifications. 
 Our social gaming business is largely dependent upon our relationships with key providers and changes in those relationships could negatively impact our social gaming business. 
 In our social gaming business, our offerings operate largely through Facebook, Apple’s IOS platform and GooglePlay 
 for Android devices. Consequently, our expansion and future revenue prospects from our social offerings are dependent on our continued relationships with these providers (and any emerging app store providers). Our interactive social gaming casino business will be adversely impacted if we are unable to continue these relationships in the future or if the terms and conditions offered by these providers are altered to our disadvantage.  For instance, if any of these providers were to increase their fees, our revenue and profits would suffer.  Likewise, if Facebook, Apple or Google were to alter their operating platforms, we could be adversely impacted as our offerings may not be compatible with the altered platforms or may require significant and costly modifications in order to become compatible. 
 We are heavily dependent on our ability to maintain and renew our customer contracts, including our long-term lottery contracts, and we could lose substantial revenue and profits if we are unable to renew certain of our contracts on substantially similar terms or at all. 
 Generally, our lottery customer contracts contain initial multi-year terms, with optional renewal periods held by the customer. Upon the expiration of any such contract, including any extensions thereof, a new contract may be awarded through a competitive bidding process. Since late 2007, we have lost lottery systems contracts in South Carolina, West Virginia, South Dakota, New Hampshire, Vermont, Indiana and Colorado and with the Atlantic Lottery Corporation to our competitors following the expiration or termination of our contracts. 
 A substantial portion of our gaming revenue is dependent on repeat customers. In specific regions, our business may be concentrated with a small number of customers, such as our U.K. LBO business. 
 There can be no assurance that our current contracts will be extended or that we will be awarded new contracts as a result of competitive bidding processes or otherwise in the future. The termination, expiration or failure to renew one or more of our contracts could cause us to lose substantial revenue and profits, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to win or renew other contracts or pursue growth initiatives. There can be no assurance that new or renewed contracts will contain 
 terms that are as favorable as our current terms or will contemplate the same size or scope of products and services as our current contracts and any less favorable contract terms or diminution in size or scope could negatively impact our revenue and profits. For additional information regarding the potential expiration dates of certain of our more significant contracts, see the table in "Business-Contract Procurement" in the lottery section in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are also required by certain of our lottery customers to provide surety or performance bonds in connection with our contracts. As of December 31, 2013, we had $197.5 million of outstanding surety and performance bonds. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to obtain surety or performance bonds on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to provide such bonds would materially and adversely affect our ability to renew existing, or obtain new, lottery contracts. 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2013, we had total indebtedness of $3,192.6 million, consisting primarily of borrowings under our credit agreement and senior subordinated notes.  Our level of indebtedness may affect our ability to obtain financing or refinance existing indebtedness; require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic, industry or competitive developments or conditions; and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate or in pursuing our strategic objectives. In addition, we are exposed to the risk of increased interest rates as a significant portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest. If interest rates increase, the interest payment obligations under our non-hedged variable rate indebtedness would increase even if the amount borrowed remained the same and our net income and cash flows would be negatively impacted. All of these factors could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that may have less debt than we do. 
 We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under our credit agreement to finance required capital expenditures under new contracts, service our indebtedness and meet our other cash needs. These obligations require a significant amount of cash. 
 Our lottery systems and land-based gaming machine businesses generally require significant upfront capital expenditures for gaming machine or lottery terminal assembly, software customization and implementation, systems and equipment installation and telecommunications configuration. In connection with a renewal or bid of a lottery systems or gaming machine contract, a customer may seek to obtain new equipment or impose new service requirements, which may require additional capital expenditures in order to retain or win the contract. Historically, we have funded these upfront costs through cash flows generated from operations, available cash on hand and borrowings under our credit agreement or subordinated notes. Our ability to generate revenue and to continue to procure new contracts will depend on, among other things, our then present liquidity levels or our ability to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms. 
 If we do not have adequate liquidity or are unable to obtain financing for these upfront costs on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to bid on certain contracts, which could restrict our ability to grow and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Moreover, we may not realize the return on investment that we anticipate on new or renewed contracts due to a variety of factors, including lower than anticipated retail sales or amounts wagered, higher than anticipated capital or operating expenses and unanticipated regulatory developments or litigation. We may not have adequate liquidity to pursue other aspects of our strategy, including bringing our products and services to new customers or new or underpenetrated geographies (including through equity investments) or pursuing strategic acquisitions. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our lenders, including the lenders participating in our revolving credit facilities, may become insolvent or tighten their lending standards, which could make it more difficult for us to borrow under our revolving credit facilities or to obtain other financing on favorable terms or at all. Our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected if we were unable to draw funds under our revolving credit facilities because of a lender default or to obtain other cost-effective financing. Any default by a lender in its obligation to fund its commitment under our revolving credit facilities (or its participation in letters of credit) could limit our liquidity to the extent of the defaulting lender's commitment. 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to meet our commitments, we will be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, selling material assets or operations or seeking to raise additional debt or equity capital. We cannot assure you that any of these actions could be completed on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms or at all, or that these actions would enable us to continue to satisfy our capital requirements. Moreover, our existing debt agreements contain, and our future debt agreements may contain, restrictive 
 covenants that may prohibit us from adopting these alternatives. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt. 
 Our credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior subordinated notes impose certain restrictions. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our indebtedness. Were this to occur, we would not have sufficient cash to pay our accelerated indebtedness. 
 The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements, including our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior subordinated notes, may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in new business activities. Subject to certain exceptions, our credit facilities and/or indentures restrict our ability to, among other things: 
 declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 prepay, redeem or purchase other debt; 
 incur liens; 
 make loans, guarantees, acquisitions and investments; 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 engage in sale and leaseback transactions; 
 amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements; 
 engage in mergers, acquisitions or asset sales; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 enter into arrangements that would prohibit us from granting liens or restrict our ability to pay dividends, make loans or transfer assets among our subsidiaries; and 
 alter the business we conduct. 
 In addition, our credit agreement requires us to maintain a maximum first lien net leverage ratio on a quarterly basis if at any time the aggregate amount of all commitments outstanding under our revolving credit facility (excluding certain types of letters of credit) equals or exceeds 15.0% of all commitments thereunder. As a result of these covenants, we will be limited in the manner in which we can conduct our business, and may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. A failure to comply with the restrictions contained in our credit agreement or indentures, or to maintain the financial ratio as may be required by our credit agreement, could lead to an event of default which could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness. There can be no assurance that our future operating results will be sufficient to ensure compliance with the covenants in our credit agreement, indentures or other debt instruments or to remedy any such default. In addition, in the event of acceleration, we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments. 
 Our business depends on the protection of our intellectual property and proprietary information and on our ability to license intellectual property from third parties. 
 We believe that our success depends, in part, on protecting our intellectual property in the U.S. and in foreign countries and our ability to license intellectual property from third parties on commercially reasonable terms. Our intellectual property includes certain patents and trademarks relating to our instant lottery games and wagering systems, gaming machines and interactive gaming products and services, as well as proprietary or confidential information that is not subject to patent or similar protection. Our success may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain trademark protection for the names or symbols under which we market our products and to obtain copyright protection and patent protection of our proprietary technologies, intellectual property and game innovations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to build and maintain consumer value in our trademarks, obtain trademark or patent protection or that any trademark, copyright or issued patent will provide competitive advantages for us. 
 Our intellectual property protects the integrity of our games, systems, products and services. For example, our intellectual property is designed to ensure the security of the printing of our instant lottery games and provide simple and secure validation of our lottery tickets. Competitors may independently develop similar or superior products, software or systems. In cases where our technology or product is not protected by enforceable intellectual property rights, such independent development may result in a significant diminution in the value of such technology or product. 
 We rely on products, technologies, trademarks and other intellectual property that we license from third parties, including licensed properties and game content for our lottery and gaming businesses. In addition, substantially all of our gaming machines and our interactive gaming products and services utilize intellectual property licensed from third parties. The future success of our gaming business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular technologies and games in a competitive market. Certain of the products and technology we rely upon are licensed from our competitors. There can be no assurance that these third-party licenses, or support for such licensed products and technology, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the products that use the licensed intellectual property or bear the licensed trademarks. Certain of our license agreements grant the licensor rights to audit our use of their intellectual property to confirm that we have made the required royalty payments. Disputes with licensors over royalty payment methodologies and calculations could result in the payment of additional royalties or penalties by us, cancellation or non-renewal of the underlying license, or litigation. We are party to ongoing legal proceedings relating to a claim by IGT that we underpaid royalties under a license agreement. See "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and independent contractors regarding our trade secrets and proprietary information, but we cannot assure you that the obligation to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or proprietary information will be honored. 
 The intellectual property rights of others may prevent us from developing new products or entering new markets or may expose us to liability 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to continually adapt our products and systems to incorporate new technologies and to expand into markets that may be created by new technologies. If technologies are protected by the intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, we may be prevented from introducing products based on these technologies or expanding into markets created by these technologies. If the intellectual property rights of others prevent us from taking advantage of innovative technologies, our financial condition, operating results or prospects may be harmed. 
 There can be no assurance that our business activities, games, products and systems will not infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, or that other parties will not assert infringement claims (with or without merit) against us. Any such claim and any resulting litigation, should it occur, could subject us to significant liability for damages and could result in invalidation of our proprietary rights or discontinuation of the affected products, distract management, and/or require us to enter into costly and burdensome royalty and licensing agreements. Such royalty and licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or may not be available at all. In the future, we may also need to file or respond to lawsuits to defend the validity of our intellectual property rights and trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. 
 Our business is dependent on the security and integrity of the systems and products we offer. 
 We believe that our success depends, in part, on providing secure products and systems to our customers. Attempts to penetrate security measures may come from various combinations of customers, retailers, vendors, employees and others. Our ability to monitor and ensure the quality of our products is periodically reviewed and enhanced. Similarly, we regularly assess the adequacy of our security systems to protect against any material loss to any of our customers and the integrity of our products to end users. Expanded utilization of the internet and other interactive technologies may result in increased security risks for us and our customers. There can be no assurance that our business will not be affected by a security breach or lapse, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, business and/or prospects. 
 Our success depends on our ability to avoid, detect, replicate and correct software and hardware anomalies and fraudulent manipulation of our gaming machines, lottery systems and interactive gaming products and services. All of our games are designed with security features to prevent fraudulent activity. However, we cannot guarantee that these features will effectively stop all fraudulent activities. If our security features do not prevent fraud, we could adversely be affected. 
 Our gaming machines have experienced anomalies and fraudulent manipulation in the past. Games and gaming machines may be replaced by casinos and other gaming machine operators if they do not perform according to expectations, or they may be shut down by regulators. The occurrence of anomalies in, or fraudulent manipulation of, our gaming machines and our interactive lottery and gaming products and services may give rise to claims from players and claims for lost revenues and earnings and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to investigation or other action by gaming regulatory authorities, including suspension or revocation of our gaming licenses or other disciplinary action. Additionally, in the event of the occurrence of any such issues with our gaming machines or interactive lottery and gaming products and services, substantial engineering and marketing resources may be diverted from other projects to correct these issues, which may delay other projects and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 We rely on information technology systems and any failures in our systems could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results. 
 We rely on information technology systems that are important to the operation of our business, some of which are managed by third parties. These systems are used to process, transmit and store electronic information, to manage and support our business operations and to maintain internal controls over our financial reporting. We could encounter difficulties in developing new systems, maintaining and upgrading current systems and preventing security breaches. Among other things, our systems are susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, break-ins, cyber-attacks, network penetration, denial of service attacks, and similar events. While we have and will continue to implement network security measures and data protection safeguards, our servers and other computer systems are vulnerable to viruses, malicious software, hacking, break-ins or theft, data privacy or security breaches, third-party security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, and similar events. Failures in our systems or services or unauthorized access to or tampering with our systems and databases, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Any failures in our computer systems or telecommunications services could affect our ability to operate our linked games or otherwise conduct business. 
 Portions of our information technology infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruptions could materially and adversely impact our ability to deliver products to customers and interrupt other processes. If our information systems do not allow us to transmit accurate information, even for a short period of time, to key decision makers, the ability to manage our business could be disrupted and the results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.  Failure to properly or adequately address these issues could impact our ability to perform necessary business operations, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2013, we initiated a process to upgrade and standardize our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems on a worldwide basis. There are inherent risks associated with changing these systems, including inaccurate data or reporting. If we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we may suffer harm to our reputation, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis or be unable to properly report on our business and the results of our operations. Additionally, the inherent limitations of internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud, regardless of the adequacy of those controls. In addition, the process of upgrading and standardizing our ERP system is complex, time-consuming and expensive. Although we believe we are taking appropriate action to mitigate these risks through, among other things, testing, training and staging implementations, there can be no assurance that we will not experience data loss, disruptions, delays or negative business impacts from the upgrade. Any operational disruptions during the course of this process and any delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of the new ERP system or in the performance of our legacy systems could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our businesses. Additionally, while we have spent considerable efforts to plan and budget for the implementation of the new ERP system, changes in scope, timeline or cost could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we or our customers, suppliers or regulators operate. 
 We may be impacted by severe weather and other geological events, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, or tsunamis that could disrupt our operations or the operations of our customers, suppliers, data service providers and regulators.  Natural disasters or other disruptions at any of our facilities or our suppliers’ facilities may impair or delay delivery of our products and services.  Additionally, disruptions experienced by our regulators due to natural disasters or otherwise could delay our introduction of new products or entry into new jurisdictions where regulatory approval is necessary.  While we insure against certain business interruption risks, we cannot provide any assurance that such insurance will compensate us for any losses incurred as a result of natural or other disasters. 
 Any serious disruption to our operations, our customers’ operations, our suppliers’ operations or our regulators could have a material adverse effect on our revenues or increase our costs and expenses. 
 We may not succeed in realizing the anticipated benefits of our strategic equity investments and relationships. 
 Under certain circumstances we pursue growth through strategic equity investments, including joint ventures, as a means to, among other things, gain access to new and tactically important geographies, business opportunities and technical expertise, while simultaneously offering the potential for reducing capital requirements. 
 These strategic equity investments currently include investments in LNS, Northstar Illinois, Northstar New Jersey, Hellenic Lotteries, as well as our equity investments in China. We are party to strategic agreements with a subsidiary of Playtech Limited relating to gaming machines that contemplate our use of, and reliance on, the subsidiary's back-end technology platform in certain jurisdictions. For additional information regarding our equity investments, see Note 11 (Equity Investments). 
 Northstar Illinois is responsible under its PMA for payments to the State of Illinois to the extent certain net income targets are not achieved by the Illinois lottery, subject to a cap of 5% of the applicable year’s net income. Northstar New Jersey is responsible for payments to the State of New Jersey to the extent certain net income targets are not achieved by the New Jersey lottery, subject to a cap of 2% of the applicable year's net income and a $20.0 million shortfall payment credit. Our earnings and cash flows from our equity investments in Northstar Illinois and Northstar New Jersey may be impacted to the extent the relevant lottery achieves, or fails to achieve, the applicable net income targets and will be impacted to the extent Northstar Illinois or Northstar New Jersey incurs non-reimbursable expenses. We may be required to make capital contributions to Northstar Illinois and Northstar New Jersey to fund our pro rata share of any shortfall payments that are payable to the relevant state under our agreements. 
 Under the Northstar Illinois PMA and the Northstar New Jersey services agreement, the relevant state has certain termination rights, including the right to terminate the agreement for convenience (subject to payment of a termination fee) and the right to terminate the agreement in the event net income shortfalls exceeding 10% of the applicable targets occur for any consecutive two contract year period or for any three contract years in a five contract year period. For additional information regarding our equity investments in Northstar Illinois and Northstar New Jersey, see Note 11 (Equity Investments). 
 As discussed in Note 11 (Equity Investments), operations under the concession agreement granted to Hellenic Lotteries are expected to commence in the first half of 2014, although there can be no assurance that operations will commence within that time-frame or at all. In the event operations under the new concession do not commence, we may not be able to recover the amounts that we have contributed to the operating company. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits of these strategic equity investments and other strategic relationships that we may enter into, or may not realize them in the time-frame expected. These arrangements pose significant risks that could have a negative effect on our operations, including: the potential diversion of our management's attention from our core business; the potential failure to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale or other value associated with these arrangements; unanticipated costs and other unanticipated events or circumstances, including losses for which we may be responsible for our pro rata portion; possible adverse effects on our operating results during any integration process; impairment charges if our strategic equity investments or relationships are not as successful as we originally anticipate; and our potential inability to achieve the intended objectives of these arrangements. 
 Furthermore, our strategic equity investments and other strategic relationships pose risks arising from our reliance on our partners and our lack of sole decision-making authority, which may give rise to disputes between us and our partners. For instance, our investments in LNS, Northstar Illinois and Northstar New Jersey are minority investments in ventures whose largest equity holder is Gtech Corporation and, although certain corporate actions require our prior consent, we do not unilaterally control decisions relating to the governance of these entities. Our partners may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests and goals, take actions contrary to our objectives or policies, undergo a change of control, experience financial and other difficulties or be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under our arrangements. 
 With respect to our land-based gaming business, in certain regions, we enter into agreements with local distributors for the distribution of our gaming products to multiple customers.  Changes to these distributor relationships, including modification or termination of our agreements or difficulties with any such third party distributor could prevent us from delivering products to our customers on a timely basis, or at all, and could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 The failure to avoid or mitigate the risks described above or other risks associated with such arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our inability to complete future acquisitions and integrate those businesses successfully could limit our future growth. 
 From time to time, we pursue strategic acquisitions in support of our strategic goals. In connection with any such acquisitions, we could face significant challenges in managing and integrating our expanded or combined operations, including acquired assets, operations and personnel. There can be no assurance that acquisition opportunities will be available on acceptable terms or at all or that we will be able to obtain necessary financing or regulatory approvals to complete potential acquisitions. Our ability to succeed in implementing our strategy will depend to some degree upon the ability of our management to identify, complete and successfully integrate commercially viable acquisitions. Acquisition transactions may disrupt our ongoing business and distract management from other responsibilities. For additional discussion regarding risks 
 relating to the integration of WMS, see the risk factor below captioned "-Our acquisition of WMS may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our current plans and operations." 
 Our acquisition of WMS may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our current plans and operations. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the businesses of Scientific Games and WMS or do so within the intended time-frame or otherwise realize the expected benefits of the acquisition. The expected cost synergies associated with the acquisition may not be fully realized in the anticipated amounts or within the contemplated time-frames or cost expectations, which could result in increased costs and have an adverse effect on the combined company's financial results and prospects. Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to effectively manage our expanded operations. The integration will require significant time and focus from management and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of the combined business or delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. We expect to incur incremental costs and capital expenditures related to our contemplated integration activities. 
 We may incur additional restructuring costs 
 We have restructured portions of our operations from time to time and it is possible that we may engage in additional restructuring initiatives in the future. Restructuring initiatives are primarily driven by acquisitions or other Company reorganizations in an attempt to maximize the efficiency and profitability of our businesses and can result in employee termination and severance costs, facility closure expenses, and/or property and equipment write down costs.  Because we are not able to predict with certainty when we will complete acquisitions or reorganize portions of our business, we cannot predict the extent, timing and magnitude of restructuring charges. 
 Our products and services may be subject to complex revenue recognition standards, which could materially affect our financial results. 
 As we introduce new gaming and lottery products and our commercial transactions become increasingly complex, additional analysis and judgment is required to account for them and to recognize revenues in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Transactions we enter into may include multiple-element arrangements and/or software components and applicable accounting principles or regulatory product approval delays could change when we recognize revenue with respect to such transactions and could adversely affect our financial results for any given period. In addition, fluctuations may occur in our revenues and related deferred revenues as a result of multiple-element arrangements that include both systems and software. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Valuation of long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 1 (Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for additional information. 
 We may be required to recognize additional impairment charges 
 We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and our long-lived assets as and when required by U.S. GAAP to determine whether they are impaired.  For additional information, including a description of impairments recorded during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, refer to the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Valuation of long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Note 1 (Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 8 (Property and Equipment). We cannot predict the occurrence of impairments and there can be no assurance that we will not have to record additional impairment charges in the future. 
 Our results of operations fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors and therefore, our periodic operating results are not guarantees of future performance. 
 Our results of operations can fluctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors. Sales of our gaming machines to casinos are generally strongest in the spring and slowest in the summer, while service revenue from our participation gaming machines is generally strongest in the spring and summer. In general, land-based gaming machine play levels are highest in the spring and summer months and lower in the fall and winter months. 
 The seasonal trends and other factors that may cause our results to fluctuate include: the geographies where we operate; holiday and vacation seasons; climate; weather; economic and political conditions; timing of the release of new products; significant equipment sales or the introduction of gaming or lottery activities in new jurisdictions or to new customers; the size and duration of draw lottery game jackpots; and other factors. 
 In light of the foregoing, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved in another quarter or for the full fiscal year. There can be no assurance that the seasonal trends and other factors that have impacted our historical results will repeat in future periods as we cannot influence or forecast many of these factors. 
 We are dependent on our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and any failure of these parties to meet our performance and quality standards or requirements could cause us to incur additional costs or lose customers. 
 Our production of instant lottery games, in particular, depends upon a continuous supply of raw materials, supplies, power and natural resources. Our operating results could be adversely affected by an interruption or cessation in the supply of these items or a serious quality assurance lapse, including as a result of the insolvency of any of our key suppliers. 
 Similarly, the operation of our presses and manufacture and maintenance of our gaming machines and lottery and gaming systems are dependent upon a regular and continuous supply of raw materials and components, many of which are manufactured or produced outside of the U.S. Certain of the components we use are customized for our products. The assembly of certain of our products and other hardware is performed by third parties. Any interruption or cessation in the supply of these items or services or any material quality assurance lapse with respect thereto could materially adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders, our financial condition or our results of operations. We may be unable to find adequate replacements for our suppliers within a reasonable time frame, on favorable commercial terms or at all. 
 In our lottery systems business, we transmit certain wagering data utilizing satellite transponders, generally pursuant to long-term contracts. The technical failure of any of these satellites would require us to obtain other communication services, including other satellite access. In some cases, we employ backup systems to limit our exposure in the event of such a failure. There can be no assurance of access to such other satellites or, if available, the ability to obtain the use of such other satellites on favorable terms or in a timely manner. While satellite failures are infrequent, the operation of satellites is outside of our control. 
 In addition, in our gaming business, we rely upon a number of significant third-party suppliers and vendors delivering parts, equipment and services on schedule in order for us to meet our contractual commitments. Failure of these third parties to meet their delivery commitments could result in us being in breach of, and subsequently losing, the affected customer contracts, which loss could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  Certain of our products are reliant on network and/or telecommunications services.  For instance, any disruption to our network or telecommunications could impact our linked or networked games, reducing our revenue. 
 In our interactive business, we often rely on third party data center providers to, among other things, host our remote game servers. Our interactive businesses would be adversely impacted to the extent any such data center provider was unable or unwilling to continue to provide services to us. 
 We have foreign operations, which subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and other risks. 
 We are a global business and derive a substantial and growing portion of our revenue and profits from operations outside the United States. In the year ended December 31, 2013, we derived approximately 49% of our revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States. Additionally, the success of our strategic initiatives is dependent upon expansion of our operations outside of the United States. 
 Our consolidated financial results are affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign currency exchange rate exposures arise from current transactions and anticipated transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars and from the translation of foreign currency denominated balance sheet accounts into U.S. dollar-denominated balance sheet accounts. We are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations because portions of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, particularly the British Pound Sterling and the Euro. In particular, uncertainty regarding economic conditions in Europe and the debt crisis affecting certain countries in the European Union pose risk to the stability of the Euro. Exchange rate fluctuations have in the past adversely affected our operating results and cash flows and may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows and the value of our assets outside the U.S. in the future. If a foreign currency is devalued in a jurisdiction in which we are paid in such currency, we may require our customers to pay higher amounts for our products, which they may be unable or unwilling to pay. 
 From time to time, we enter into foreign currency forward or other hedging contracts. We are subject to the risk that a counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contracts. During an economic downturn, a counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. In the event of a counterparty default, we could incur lose the benefit of our hedging contract, which may harm our business and financial condition. In the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any benefit lost as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty. 
 Foreign governments can impose restrictions on currency movements that may make it costly or impossible to transfer money to the U.S.  Additionally, foreign governments may limit or prevent our ability to import our products and services into foreign jurisdictions. In 2012, governmental authorities in Argentina modified regulations relating to importing products and 
 limiting the exchange of pesos into dollars and the transfer of funds from Argentina. If the Argentine government’s current restrictions on currency transfer remain unchanged, the excess peso balances in our Argentinian bank account may continue to grow, which would increase our exposure to any potential currency devaluation in Argentina. In addition, any devaluation of the currency in Argentina will adversely impact the collectability of our customer receivables in Argentina as we invoice our customers in pesos adjusted to reflect original U.S. dollars sales volumes. Currently, our legal entity in Argentina cannot directly import our gaming machines and, if the regulations remain unchanged or if we are unable to continue to import our products into Argentina, our revenue from customers in Argentina will be negatively impacted. 
 Our operations in foreign jurisdictions subject us to additional risks customarily associated with such operations, including: the complexity of foreign laws, regulations and markets, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, the impact of foreign labor laws and disputes; the economic, tax and regulatory policies of local governments, and the ability to attract and retain key personnel in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, our international business operations could be interrupted and negatively affected by terrorist activity, political unrest or other economic or political uncertainties. Foreign jurisdictions could impose tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, and other similar restrictions on our international sales. 
 As a significant amount of our net profits and cash flows are generated outside the U.S., the repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the Company.  In addition, there have been proposals to change U.S. tax laws that could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations, such as us, are taxed on foreign earnings.  Although we cannot predict the certainty, timing, scope or terms of any such laws, if enacted, certain of the proposed changes, such as those seeking to limit the deferral of taxes, could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow. 
 Additionally, foreign taxes paid by our foreign subsidiaries and equity investees on their earnings may not be recovered against our U.S. tax liability. At December 31, 2013, we had a deferred tax asset for our foreign tax credit carry forward of $18.2 million. Although we will continue to explore tax planning strategies to use all of our foreign tax credit carry forward, at December 31, 2013, we established a valuation allowance of $18.2 million against the foreign tax credit deferred tax asset to reduce the asset to the net amount that our management estimates is "more likely than not" to be realized. 
 In addition, our ability to expand successfully in foreign jurisdictions involves other risks, including difficulties in integrating foreign operations, risks associated with entering jurisdictions in which we may have little experience and the day-to-day management of a growing and increasingly geographically diverse company. Our investment in foreign jurisdictions often entails entering into joint ventures or other business relationships with locally based entities, which can involve additional risks arising from our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on a partner's financial condition, inconsistency between our business interests or goals and those of our partners and disputes between us and our partners. 
 Through our joint ventures and wholly owned foreign enterprises, we have lottery-related investments and business operations in China. Our business in, and results of operations from, China are subject to a number of risks relating to China, including risks relating to competition, the bidding and contract negotiation processes, our ability to finance or refinance our operations, the complex regulatory environment (including currency and money transfer restrictions), our ability to receive timely product approvals, the political climate, the economy and our joint venture and other business partners in China. 
 We may not realize the operating efficiencies, competitive advantages or financial results that we anticipate from our investments in foreign jurisdictions and our failure to effectively manage the risks associated with our operations in foreign jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business or prospects. 
 We are dependent on our employees. 
 We depend on the continued performance of our executive officers and key personnel, including David L. Kennedy, our president and chief executive officer. If we lose the services of any of our executive officers or key personnel and cannot find suitable replacements for such persons in a timely manner, it could have an adverse impact on our business.  Our ability to expand is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain talented employees in the U.S. and internationally who are capable of leading our employees to achieve our strategic objectives. 
 We also rely on our highly skilled, technically trained and creative employees to develop new technologies and create innovative products. A lack of skilled technical workers could delay or negatively impact our business plans, ability to compete and results of operations. 
 We could incur costs in the event of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws. 
 Our operations and real property are subject to U.S. and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur costs, including cleanup costs, fines or penalties, and third-party claims as a result of violations of, or 
 liabilities under, environmental laws. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent or reduce environmental pollution, and these permits are subject to review, renewal and modification by issuing authorities. 
 Failure to perform under our lottery and gaming contracts may result in litigation, substantial monetary liquidated damages and contract termination. 
 Our business subjects us to contract penalties and risks of litigation, including potential allegations that we have not fully performed under our contracts or that goods or services we supply are defective in some respect. Litigation is pending in Colombia arising out of the termination of certain Colombian lottery contracts in 1993. An agency of the Colombian government has asserted claims against certain parties, including SGI, which owned a minority interest in Wintech de Colombia S.A., or Wintech (now liquidated), the former operator of the Colombian national lottery. The claims are for, among other things, contract penalties, interest and the amount of a bond issued by a Colombian surety. For additional information regarding this or other litigations, see "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There can be no assurance that this litigation will not be finally resolved adversely to us or result in material liability. 
 In addition, our lottery contracts typically permit a lottery authority to terminate the contract at any time for a material failure to perform, other specified reasons and, in many cases, for no reason at all. Lottery contracts to which we are a party also frequently contain exacting implementation schedules and performance requirements and the failure to meet these schedules and requirements may result in substantial monetary liquidated damages, as well as possible contract termination. We are also required by certain of our lottery customers to provide surety or performance bonds. We have paid or incurred liquidated damages under our lottery contracts and material amounts of liquidated damages could be imposed on us in the future, which could, if imposed, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business or prospects. 
 We may be liable for product defects or other claims relating to our products. 
 Our products could be defective, fail to perform as designed or otherwise cause harm to our customers, their equipment or their products. If any of our products are defective, we may be required to recall the products and/or repair or replace them, which could result in substantial expenses and affect our profitability. Any problem with the performance of our products, such as an instant lottery game misprint or false jackpot or other prize, could harm our reputation, which could result in a loss of sales to customers and/or potential customers. In addition, if our customers believe that they have suffered harm caused by our products, they could bring claims against us that could result in significant liability. Any claims brought against us by customers may result in diversion of management's time and attention, expenditure of large amounts of cash on legal fees and payment of damages, decreased demand for our products or services, or injury to our reputation. Our insurance may not sufficiently cover a judgment against us or a settlement payment, and is subject to customary deductibles, limits and exclusions. In addition, a judgment against us or a settlement could make it difficult for us to obtain insurance in the coverage amounts necessary to adequately insure our businesses, or at all, and could materially increase our insurance premiums and deductibles. 
 In October 2012, SNAI filed a lawsuit in Italy against Barcrest and Global Draw relating to the erroneous printing of what appeared to be winning jackpots on certain VLTs operated by SNAI and supplied by Barcrest. For additional information regarding this litigation, see "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Litigation may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 We may become subject to litigation claims in the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, with respect to employee matters, alleged product and system malfunctions, alleged intellectual property infringement and claims relating to our contracts, licenses and strategic investments. We may incur significant expense defending or settling any such litigation. Additionally, adverse judgments that may be decided against us could result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and our financial condition. 
 Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Certain of our employees are represented by unions, including a majority of the employees at our printing facilities in Canada, Chile and the United Kingdom. Our gaming manufacturing facility in Illinois is dependent on union employees that are represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers under a collective bargaining agreement that expires in June 2014. While we believe our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot predict whether we will be successful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without any disruptions in our manufacturing. Any disruption in our printing or manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our revenues and expenses. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter conflicts or strikes with any labor unions that represent our employees. Any such conflict or strike could adversely impact our business or results of operations or our customers’ operations or could cause us to lose customers. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 Certain holders of our common stock exert significant influence over the Company and may make decisions that conflict with the interests of other stockholders. 
 In August 2004, MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc. was issued approximately 25% of our outstanding common stock in connection with its conversion of our then outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. According to an amendment to Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on September 11, 2012, this holder beneficially owns 32,505,737 shares of our common stock, or approximately 38.7% of our outstanding common stock as of March 10, 2014. Pursuant to a stockholders' agreement with us, which we originally entered into with holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, such holder is entitled to appoint up to four members of our board of directors and certain actions of the Company require the approval of such holder. As a result, this holder has the ability to exert significant influence over our business and may make decisions with which other stockholders may disagree, including, among other things, delaying, discouraging or preventing a change of control of the Company or a potential merger, consolidation, tender offer, takeover or other business combination. 
 The price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile 
 Our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, many of which are outside our control, including variations in operating results, actions and pronouncements by various regulatory agencies, litigation, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, rating agency reports, performance of other companies that investors or security analysts deem comparable to us, news reports and announcements relating to our business and those of our competitors, responses to our merger with WMS, general and industry-specific economic conditions, public sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, and general market conditions. During the 52-week period ended March 7, 2014, our stock price fluctuated between a high of $19.48 and a low of $7.55. This significant stock price fluctuation may make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock when they want and at prices they find attractive.