ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS \n Our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and stock price can be impacted by a number of factors which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. In general, we are subject to the same general risks and uncertainties that impact many other companies such as general economic, industry and/or market conditions and growth rates; the impact of natural disasters and their effect on global markets; possible future terrorist threats and their effect on the worldwide economy; and changes in laws or accounting rules. The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which we are exposed. \n Risks Related to Our Business \n • Our results may be impacted by domestic and international economic, legal, currency, political and compliance conditions and uncertainties. \n Worldwide economic and capital market conditions are beyond our control, are highly unpredictable, and can have an adverse effect on our revenue, earnings, cash flows and cost of capital. We have significant operations in Austria, China, Germany, Malaysia, the Philippines, the United Kingdom and the United States. Our businesses may be adversely affected by disruptions in the financial markets or declines in economic activity both domestically and internationally in the countries where we operate or from which we derive substantial revenues. These circumstances will also impact our suppliers and customers in various ways which could have an impact on our business operations, particularly if global credit markets are not operating efficiently and effectively to support industrial commerce. \n Our domestic and international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws (including environmental and import/export laws), regulations and policies. Failure to comply with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with new and evolving regulatory reporting requirements and current or future laws, including environmental protection, employment and health and safety laws, will not exceed our estimates. In addition, we have invested in certain countries, including Malaysia, China, the Philippines and Ukraine, that carry high levels of currency, political, compliance and/or economic risk. While these risks or the impact of these risks are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our businesses and reputation. \n • We are subject to risks relating to our existing international operations and to expanding our global business. \n Many of our manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the United States, and we continue to focus on global markets as part of our growth strategy. Our international operations and global expansion strategy are subject to various risks, including: \n o political, social and economic instability and disruptions; o government embargoes or trade restrictions; o the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers; o import and export controls; o transportation delays and interruptions; o labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; o increased compliance costs, including costs associated with disclosure requirements and related due diligence; o the impact of loss of one or more of our manufacturing facilities; o difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; o limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies and the costs of such enforcement; and o environmental liabilities arising from our current, historical and future operations and manufacturing sites. \n If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or adequately manage operational risks of our existing international operations, the risks could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy involving expansion into new geographical markets or our results of operations and financial position. \n • We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations globally. \n We continuously evaluate our operations and cost structure relative to general economic conditions, market demands, tax rates, foreign currency fluctuations, cost competitiveness and our geographic footprint.  As a result of this ongoing evaluation, we plan to reduce our 18 facilities worldwide to 11 by the end of 2016 and will engage in restructuring activities from time to time.  The restructuring process includes moving production between facilities or to new facilities, closing facilities, reducing staff levels, realigning our business processes and reorganizing our management. \n Restructurings present significant potential risks that could adversely affect our businesses, including delays in finalizing the scope of, and implementing, the restructurings (including extensive consultations concerning potential workforce reductions and obtaining agreements from our affected customers for the relocation of our facilities in certain instances), the failure to achieve targeted cost savings, impacts on product quality and delivery interruptions, the failure to meet operational targets and customer requirements, and the acceleration of obligations to fund pension liabilities. These risks are further complicated by our international footprint, which subject us to various legal and regulatory requirements that govern the extent and speed of our ability to restructure our operations. \n • If we are not able to anticipate, adapt to and capitalize on technological developments, we may not be able to sustain or grow our current level of revenues, operating profits or cash flows. \n We sell our products in electronic and technology-based industries that are highly competitive, dynamic and constantly experiencing change as new technologies are developed. It is characteristic of such industries that sales prices for products decline over time following their introduction to market due to technological obsolescence and the introduction of new technologies. Downward pressure on product prices typically causes downward pressure on component prices as well. Our ability to compete depends on our ability to innovate successfully. \n Our competitors may produce products that are more advanced than the products we produce. If our businesses are unable to anticipate our competitors’ development of new products and services, identify customer needs and preferences on a timely basis, or successfully introduce new products and services in response to such competitive factors, including new or enhanced products with higher margins to offset price declines, we may experience lower revenue, operating profits and cash flows. In addition, if we are unable to adapt to the rapid technological changes (which include hiring and retaining top engineering talent), or for those products which are subject to declining average selling prices, we are unable to increase our unit volumes, introduce new or enhanced products with higher margins and/or reduce manufacturing costs to offset price decreases in existing products, our products could become obsolete or commoditized, and business and operating results may be materially adversely affected. \n • Our products must undergo lengthy and expensive qualification processes without any assurance of product sales. The costs associated with new product introductions and imbalances between customer demand and capacity could negatively impact our operating results and profits. \n A significant portion of our revenue is derived from products that are required to go through extensive customer qualification processes before being selected by customers for inclusion in their products under development. We devote substantial resources, including design, engineering, sales, marketing and management efforts, to these qualification processes. Our products may not be designed into a customer’s product despite our investment in the qualification process, which could adversely impact our operating results and profits. \n Even if our products are designed into a customer’s product, the customer’s product may not be commercially successful, or the customer’s commercial plans for the product could change, which could adversely impact our sales and operating results. Similarly, a modification to the product or manufacturing process, or the selection of a new supplier by us, may require new qualification processes, which may result in delays, cause us to forego sales for the remainder of the life of the customer’s product and/or hold excess or obsolete inventory. \n In addition, when our customers introduce new products, the time required and costs incurred by us to ramp up production can be significant. Certain non-recurring costs and expenditures for tooling and other equipment may not be reusable in manufacturing products for other customers or different products for the same customer. Product ramp-ups typically involve greater volumes of scrap, higher costs due to inefficiencies and delays in production, all of which can adversely impact our operating results and profits. \n Our operating results and profits could be adversely affected if we are unable to balance customer demand for our products and capacity. If demand increases and we are unable to increase our production capacity to meet the demand, or if there are unforeseen costs associated with adjusting our capacity levels, we may not be able to achieve our financial targets. Conversely, if demand does not increase at the rate forecasted, we may not be able to adequately absorb manufacturing expenses or overhead costs which could negatively impact our product margins. Additionally, if product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we may be required to record impairments on our long-lived assets or record other charges. \n Any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our sales and operating results. In addition, to the extent a customer has a “dual source” strategy whereby customers may purchase products from more than one supplier, we may realize lower sales from our products that are designed into the customer’s products. \n • We could lose customers or generate lower revenue, operating profits and cash flows if there are significant increases in the cost of raw materials or if we are unable to obtain raw materials. \n We purchase raw materials, sub-assemblies and components for use in manufacturing operations, which exposes us to volatility in prices for certain commodities. Significant price increases for these commodities could adversely affect operating profits for certain of our businesses. While we generally attempt to mitigate the impact of increased raw material prices by hedging or passing along the increased costs to customers, there may be a time delay between the increased raw material prices and the ability to hedge the price increase or increase the prices of products, or we may be unable to increase the prices of products due to a competitor’s pricing pressure or other factors. In addition, the inability to obtain necessary raw materials could affect our ability to meet customer commitments and satisfy market demand for certain products. Consequently, a significant price increase in raw materials, including certain rare earth materials, or their unavailability, may result in a loss of customers and adversely impact revenue, operating profits and cash flows. \n We and our suppliers rely upon certain rare earth materials that are necessary for the manufacturing of our products, and our business could be harmed if we or our suppliers experience shortages or delays of these rare earth materials. We and/or our suppliers acquire these materials from a number of countries, including China. More than 95% of the world’s current supply of rare earth materials comes from China, which has enacted a policy to reduce its exports because of its rising domestic demand and new environmental restrictions. We cannot predict whether the government of China or any other nation will impose further regulations, quotas or embargoes upon these materials that would restrict their worldwide supply or increase their cost. If China or any other major supplier were to further restrict the supply available or increase the cost of the materials used in our products, we could experience a shortage in supply and an increase in production costs, which would harm our operating results. \n • We rely on sole source and limited source suppliers for certain supplies of critical raw materials and components. \n Our operations depend on obtaining sufficient supplies of raw materials and components used in our manufacturing processes. In particular, certain of our businesses rely on wafer fabrication facilities or foundries which are limited source suppliers to provide silicon-based products that are critical components of our products and to provide such products in sufficient quantities to meet our production needs. Although we have long-term supply arrangements with these foundries, they may experience financial difficulties, be unable to deliver product to us in a timely manner, have insufficient capacity to meet our requirements, or suffer business disruption resulting from damage to or destruction of their facilities due to natural disasters, and we might not be able to secure an alternative source of supply in a timely manner. These events could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. \n • Customer requirements and new regulations may increase our expenses and impact the availability of certain raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating profits. \n Our businesses use parts or materials that are impacted by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act requirement for disclosure of the use of “conflict minerals” mined in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. Some of our customers require “conflict free” metals in products purchased from us. We have been following a process to comply with both regulatory and customer requirements.  However, the supply chain due diligence and verification of sources require substantial periods of time to complete based on the current availability of origin information and the number of vendors. We may not be able to complete the process in the time frame required because of the complexity of our supply chain. Other governmental social responsibility regulations also may impact our suppliers, manufacturing operations and operating profits. \n The need to find alternative sources for certain raw materials or products because of customer requirements and regulations may impact our ability to secure adequate supplies of raw materials or parts, lead to supply shortages, or adversely impact the prices at which our businesses can procure compliant goods. \n • Our effective tax rate may fluctuate and it could be subject to additional tax liabilities, including in the event of repatriation of our overseas earnings to fund our liquidity needs. \n Our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by changes in the mix of our earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets and changes in tax laws. We cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions where we operate. Further, our tax returns are subject to periodic audits by domestic and international authorities. If these audits result in allocations of income or other tax assessments different from amounts estimated, then our financial results may be adversely affected by unfavorable tax adjustments. \n Our effective tax rate is favorably impacted by a significant tax holiday granted to us by Malaysia. This tax holiday is subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions, including exceeding certain annual thresholds of operating expenses and gross sales. We expect to continue to satisfy all of the conditions to this tax holiday. If we fail to satisfy such conditions, our effective tax rate may be significantly adversely impacted. For additional detail, see Note 10. Income Taxes of the notes to our Combined Financial Statements under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." \n In addition, if we encounter a significant need for liquidity domestically or at a particular location that we cannot fulfill through borrowings, equity offerings or other internal or external sources, we may experience unfavorable tax and earnings consequences due to cash repatriations. These adverse consequences would occur, for example, if the transfer of cash into the United States is taxed and no foreign tax credit is available to offset the U.S. tax liability, resulting in lower earnings. Foreign exchange ceilings imposed by local governments and the sometimes lengthy approval processes that foreign governments require for international cash transfers may delay our internal cash transfers from time to time. These factors may cause us to have an overall tax rate higher than other companies or higher than our tax rates have been in the past. \n • Our revenue, operating profits and cash flows could be adversely affected if our businesses are unable to protect or obtain patent and other intellectual property rights, or to do so at expected cost levels, or if intellectual property litigation is successful against us. \n We own patents, trademarks, licenses and other forms of intellectual property related to our products. Our businesses employ various measures to maintain and protect our intellectual property, including enforcing our intellectual property rights through litigation. While we have been successful to date in maintaining and protecting our intellectual property, these measures may not prevent our intellectual property from being challenged, invalidated or circumvented and our businesses may not be successful in litigation or other actions to enforce our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected. Unauthorized use of these intellectual property rights could adversely impact the competitive position of our businesses and have a negative impact on revenue, operating profits and cash flows. Regardless of the merits of any specific claim, the expense of protecting and enforcing our intellectual property, or defending claims that our products or technology infringe the intellectual rights of others, can vary significantly period to period and, in any given period, could be material and divert the attention of management and key technical personnel. Further, regardless of the merits of any specific claim, we may not prevail in litigation because of the complex technical issues and uncertainties inherent in intellectual property litigation. If any such litigation or claims were to result in an adverse ruling, we could be required to: \n o pay substantial damages; o cease the manufacture, import, use, sale or offer for sale of infringing products or processes; o discontinue the use of infringing technology; o expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology; and o enter into royalty or license agreements from the third party claiming infringement, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. \n Our operating results or financial condition may be materially adversely affected if we, or one of our customers, were required to take any one or more of the foregoing actions. In addition, if one of our customers or another supplier to one of our customers were found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of a third party, the supplier or customer could be ordered to cease the manufacture, import, use, sale or offer for sale of its infringing product(s) or process(es), any of which could result, indirectly, in a decrease in demand for our products. If such a decrease in demand for our products were to occur, it could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. \n • Our growth and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in our capital allocation and acquisitions program. \n We expect to pursue a strategy of acquiring value-creating add-on businesses that broaden our existing position and global reach as well as, in the right circumstances, strategically pursuing larger acquisitions that could have the potential to either complement our existing businesses or allow us to pursue a new growth opportunity. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to find suitable businesses to purchase or that we will be able to acquire such businesses on acceptable terms. If we are unsuccessful in our acquisition efforts, then our ability to grow could be adversely affected. In addition, a completed acquisition may underperform relative to expectations, may be unable to achieve synergies originally anticipated, or may expose us to unexpected liabilities. Further, if we fail to allocate capital appropriately, in respect of either our acquisition program or organic growth in operations, we could be overexposed in certain markets and geographies. \n Additionally, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill, other intangible assets or long-lived assets become impaired. Goodwill and purchased intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are reviewed for impairment annually and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our definite-lived intangible assets when indicators of potential impairment are present. Factors that may indicate that the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets is determined to exist. \n These factors could potentially have an adverse impact on our operating profits and cash flows. \n • Failure to attract, retain and develop personnel or to provide adequate succession plans for key management could have an adverse effect on our operating results. \n Our growth, profitability and effectiveness in conducting our operations and executing our strategic plans depend in part on our ability to attract, retain and develop qualified personnel, align them with appropriate opportunities and maintain adequate succession plans for key management positions. If we are unsuccessful in these efforts, our operating results could be adversely affected. \n • We may face wage inflation and increased competition for our employees in the countries where we operate, which could increase our employment costs and our attrition. \n Wage costs in Asia and other regions in which we operate have historically been significantly lower than wage costs in developed countries. However, wage increases in these countries where we operate may increase our costs, reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to pass these increased costs on to our customers by increasing the price we charge for our products. If this occurs, our profits may decline. \n Competition in Asia and other regions in which we operate for skilled-labor has increased, and we expect this competition will continue to increase as additional companies enter the market and expand their operations. If the availability of skilled-labor decreases, it could affect the availability and the cost of employees and increase our attrition rate, all of which may have an adverse effect on our operating results. \n • Our business operations may be adversely affected by information systems interruptions or intrusion. \n Our businesses rely on a number of information technologies to manage, store and support business activities. We have put in place a number of systems, processes and practices designed to protect against intentional or unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information, disruption of operations or corruption of the software that supports our products. Disruptions or cybersecurity attacks, such as unauthorized access, malicious software or other violations, may lead to exposure of proprietary or confidential information as well as potential data corruption. Any intrusion may cause operational stoppages, violations of applicable law, diminished competitive advantages or reputational damages, and increased operational costs due to remedial activities. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information resulting from a breach of our information systems could adversely affect our competitive position and the value of our investment in research and development. \n • Our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. \n While we strive to maintain high standards, we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws or fail to protect our confidential information, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, anti-kickback and false claims rules, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy laws, as well as the improper use of proprietary information or social media. Any such violations of law or improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and related shareholder lawsuits and could damage our reputation. \n • Our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations on cross-border transactions and the translation of local currency results into U.S. dollars could negatively impact our results of operations. \n We conduct business through our subsidiaries in many different countries, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a significant impact on the reported results of operations, which are presented in U.S. dollars. A significant and growing portion of our products are manufactured in lower-cost locations and sold in various countries. Cross-border transactions, both with external parties and intercompany relationships, result in increased exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates. Accordingly, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the Malaysian ringgit, the euro, the Chinese renminbi (yuan) and the Philippine peso, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses’ operations that could negatively affect our results of operations. A weakening of the U.S. dollar could adversely impact the cost of materials, products and services purchased outside the U.S. and therefore adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, sales and expenses of our non-U.S. businesses are translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes and therefore any weakening of the U.S. dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects. \n • We depend on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenues, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, any key customer could significantly reduce our revenues and adversely impact our operating results. \n We rely on several key customers. For 2013 , our top ten customers accounted for approximately 65% of total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2013 , Apple, Inc. and Samsung Group accounted for approximately 25% and 15% , respectively, of our total revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 , Apple, Inc. accounted for approximately 18% and 12% , respectively, of our total revenue. We expect that a substantial portion of our revenue will continue to be attributable to several key customers. If these customers decide not to buy our products or to purchase lower volumes from us because their own products are not commercially successful or for other reasons, our revenues could substantially decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. \n The markets we serve are concentrated, with a limited number of companies active in these markets. A concentrated market and reliance on a small number of customers gives those customers substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contracts with us. In addition, we do not have long-term agreements or purchase orders with any of our customers, our customers have irregular and unpredictable ordering patterns, and our customers may not have regular, predictable product introduction schedules. A decision by any of our major customers to decrease significantly the number of products purchased from us could substantially reduce sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n • Some of our businesses are subject to the cycles inherent in the consumer electronics industry. \n The consumer electronics industry is cyclical and characterized by continuous and rapid technological change, product obsolescence, price erosion, evolving standards, short product life cycles and significant fluctuations in product supply and demand. Markets or the markets for specific products incorporating our solutions may not continue to grow or may decline for a number of reasons outside of our control, including competition among companies and market saturation. \n This industry experienced a significant downturn as part of the broader global recession in 2008 and 2009. Industry downturns have been characterized by diminished product demand, production overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. Future downturns could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. \n • Costs related to product defects and errata may harm our results of operations and business. \n Adverse consequences associated with unexpected product defects and errata (deviations from published specifications) due to, for example, unanticipated problems in our design and manufacturing processes, could include writing off or reserving the value of inventory of such products; disposing of products that cannot be fixed; recalling such products that have been shipped to customers; providing product replacements for, or modifications to, such products; and defending against litigation related to such products. The costs associated with these occurrences could be substantial and may temporarily increase our expenses and lower our margins and profitability. In addition, our reputation could be damaged as a result of such product defects and errata, and the demand for our products could be reduced. \n Risks Related to Our Recent Separation \n • We have limited history operating as an independent publicly-traded company, and our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly-traded company and therefore may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. \n We were spun-off from our Former Parent on February 28, 2014, and have limited operating history as an independent publicly-traded company. The historical information about us in this Form 10-K refers to Knowles’ business as part of our Former Parent. Our historical financial information included in this Form 10-K is derived from the Combined Financial Statements and accounting records of our Former Parent. Accordingly, our historical financial information does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that we would have achieved as an independent publicly-traded company during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below: \n o We have made, and will need to continue to make, significant investments to replicate or outsource certain systems, infrastructure and functional expertise as a result of the Separation. These initiatives to develop our independent ability to operate without access to our Former Parent’s existing operational and administrative infrastructure will be costly to implement. We may not be able to operate our business at comparable costs, and our profitability may decline. o Prior to the Separation, we relied upon our Former Parent for working capital requirements and other cash requirements, including in connection with our previous acquisitions. As a result of the Separation, our Former Parent ceased providing us with funds to finance our working capital or other cash requirements. After the Separation, our access to and cost of debt financing may be different from the historical access to and cost of debt financing from our Former Parent. Differences in access to and cost of debt financing may result in differences in the interest rate charged to us on financings, as well as the amounts of indebtedness, types of financing structures and debt markets that may be available to us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. \n For additional information about the past financial performance of our business and the basis of presentation of the historical Combined Financial Statements of our business, see the sections entitled “Selected Financial Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the historical financial statements and accompanying notes under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” \n • Our Former Parent may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the Separation or we may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire. \n We and our Former Parent entered into certain agreements in connection with the Separation, such as a separation and distribution, tax matters and employee matters agreements providing for certain indemnification obligations and a transition services agreement providing for the performance of services by our Former Parent for the benefit of us for a period of time after the Separation. We will rely on our Former Parent to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If our Former Parent is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties or losses. \n If we do not have agreements with other providers of these services when the transitional or long-term agreements terminate, or if we do not implement new systems or replace our Former Parent’s services successfully, we may not be able to operate our business effectively, which could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These systems and services may also be more expensive to install, implement and operate, or less efficient, than the systems and services our Former Parent is expected to provide during the transition period. \n • Potential indemnification liabilities to our Former Parent pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. \n The separation and distribution agreement between us and our Former Parent, among other things, provides for indemnification obligations (for uncapped amounts) designed to make us financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to our business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the Separation. If we are required to indemnify our Former Parent under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. \n • In connection with the Separation, our Former Parent has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that our Former Parent’s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future. \n Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and certain other agreements with our Former Parent, our Former Parent has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that our Former Parent has agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from our Former Parent will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that our Former Parent will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. In addition, our Former Parent’s insurers may attempt to deny coverage to us for liabilities associated with certain occurrences of indemnified liabilities prior to the Separation. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from our Former Parent or such insurance providers any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. \n • We are subject to continuing contingent liabilities of our Former Parent following the Separation. \n After the Separation, there are several significant areas where the liabilities of our Former Parent may become our obligations. For example, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and the related rules and regulations, each corporation that was a member of our Former Parent’s U.S. consolidated group during a taxable period or portion of a taxable period ending on or before the effective time of the distribution is jointly and severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of the entire U.S. consolidated group of our Former Parent for that taxable period. Consequently, if our Former Parent is unable to pay the consolidated U.S. federal income tax liability for a prior period, we could be required to pay the entire amount of such tax which could be substantial and in excess of the amount allocated to us under the tax matters agreement between us and our Former Parent. Other provisions of federal and state law establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing tax-qualified pension plans as well as other contingent liabilities. \n • If the Distribution (as defined below), together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, our Former Parent and our shareholders could be subject to significant tax liability and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify our Former Parent for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement. \n Our Former Parent has received an opinion of Baker & McKenzie LLP, tax counsel to our Former Parent, substantially to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of all of the shares of our common stock owned by our Former Parent to shareholders of our Former Parent in connection with the Separation (the “Distribution”) will qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code. The opinion of tax counsel relied on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from our Former Parent and us, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’ respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, our Former Parent and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the opinion, and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the IRS could determine on audit that the Distribution is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion. In addition, we and our Former Parent intend for certain related transactions to qualify for tax-free treatment under federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law. \n If the Distribution is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our Former Parent and its shareholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. For example, if the Distribution fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, our Former Parent would for U.S. federal income tax purposes be treated as if it had sold the Knowles common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and our Former Parent’s shareholders, who are subject to U.S. federal income tax, would be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Knowles common stock received in the Distribution. In addition, if certain related transactions fail to qualify for tax-free treatment under federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law, our Former Parent (and, under the tax matters agreement described below, Knowles) could incur significant tax liabilities under U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax law. \n Under the tax matters agreement between our Former Parent and us, we would generally be required to indemnify our Former Parent against taxes incurred by our Former Parent that arise as a result of our taking or failing to take, as the case may be, certain actions that result in the Distribution failing to meet the requirements of a tax-free distribution under Section 355 of the Code or of such related transactions failing to qualify for tax-free treatment. Also, under the tax matters agreement, we would generally be required to indemnify our Former Parent for one-half of the taxes and other liabilities incurred by our Former Parent if the Distribution fails to meet the requirements of a tax-free distribution under Section 355 of the Code for reasons other than an act or failure to act on the part of us or our Former Parent, and therefore we might be required to indemnify our Former Parent for such taxes and liabilities due to circumstances and events not within our control. Under the tax matters agreement, we are also required to indemnify our Former Parent for one-half of certain taxes incurred as a result of the restructuring activities undertaken to effectuate the Distribution or as a result of the application of certain rules relating to consolidated federal income tax returns, whether payable upon filing tax returns related to the restructuring and Distribution or upon a subsequent audit of those returns. Our indemnification obligations to our Former Parent under the tax matters agreement are not limited by a maximum amount. If we are required to indemnify our Former Parent under the circumstances set forth in the tax matters agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our financial position. \n • We may not be able to engage in certain corporate transactions as a result of the Separation. \n To preserve the tax-free treatment to our Former Parent and its shareholders of Distribution and certain related transactions, under the tax matters agreement between us and our Former Parent, we are restricted from taking any action following the Distribution that prevents the Distribution and related transactions from being tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the tax matters agreement, for the two-year period following the Distribution, we will be prohibited, except in certain circumstances, from: \n o entering into any transaction resulting in the acquisition of 40% or more of our stock or substantially all of our assets, whether by merger or otherwise; o merging, consolidating or liquidating; o issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds; o repurchasing our capital stock; and o ceasing to actively conduct our business. \n These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue certain strategic transactions or other transactions that we may believe to be in the best interests of our shareholders or that might increase the value of our business. In addition, under the tax matters agreement, we are required to indemnify our Former Parent against any such tax liabilities as a result of the acquisition of our stock or assets, even if we did not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition. \n • The Separation and related internal restructuring transactions may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal dividend requirements. \n If our Former Parent files for bankruptcy or is otherwise determined or deemed to be insolvent under federal bankruptcy laws, a court could deem the Separation or certain internal restructuring transactions undertaken by our Former Parent in connection with the Separation to be a fraudulent conveyance or transfer. Fraudulent conveyances or transfers are defined to include transfers made or obligations incurred with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud current or future creditors or transfers made or obligations incurred for less than reasonably equivalent value when the debtor was insolvent, or that rendered the debtor insolvent, inadequately capitalized or unable to pay its debts as they become due. A court could void the transactions or impose substantial liabilities upon us, which could adversely affect our financial condition and our results of operations. Among other things, the court could require our shareholders to return to our Former Parent some or all of the shares of our common stock issued in the Separation, or require us to fund liabilities of other companies involved in the restructuring transactions for the benefit of creditors. \n The distribution of Knowles’ common stock is also subject to review under state corporate distribution statutes. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), a corporation may only pay dividends to its shareholders either (i) out of its surplus (net assets minus capital) or (ii) if there is no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Although our Former Parent intended to make the distribution of Knowles’ common stock entirely out of surplus, we cannot make any assurance that a court will not later determine that some or all of the distribution to the shareholders of our Former Parent was unlawful. \n • Certain of our executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their previous or continuing positions at our Former Parent. \n Because of their former or continuing positions with our Former Parent, certain of our executive officers and directors own equity interests in our Former Parent. Even though our Board of Directors consists of a majority of directors who are independent, and our executive officers who were previously employees of our Former Parent ceased to be employees of our Former Parent upon the Separation and their equity awards from our Former Parent were converted to equity awards from our Company in connection with the Separation, some of our executive officers and directors continue to have a financial interest in shares of our Former Parent’s common stock. In addition, certain of our directors continue to serve on the Board of Directors of our Former Parent. Continuing ownership of shares of our Former Parent’s common stock, or service as a director at both companies could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if we and our Former Parent pursue the same corporate opportunities or face decisions that could have different implications for our Former Parent and us. \n • We may have received better terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms we will receive in our agreements with our Former Parent. \n The agreements we entered into with our Former Parent in connection with the Separation, including the separation and distribution agreement, transition services agreement, tax matters agreement and employee matters agreement, were prepared in the context of our separation from our Former Parent while we were still a wholly owned subsidiary of our Former Parent. Accordingly, during the period in which the terms of those agreements were prepared, we did not have an independent Board of Directors or a management team that was independent of our Former Parent. As a result, the terms of those agreements may not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm’s-length negotiations between unaffiliated third parties. Arm’s-length negotiations between our Former Parent and an unaffiliated third party in another form of transaction, such as a buyer in a sale of a business transaction, may have resulted in more favorable terms to the unaffiliated third party. \n • We incurred new indebtedness in connection with the Separation, and the degree to which we are leveraged may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and cash flows. \n We have historically relied upon our Former Parent for working capital requirements and other cash requirements, including in connection with our previous acquisitions. As a result of the Separation, we are no longer able to rely on the earnings, assets or cash flow of our Former Parent and our Former Parent will not provide funds to finance our working capital or other cash requirements. Accordingly, we are responsible for servicing our own debt, and obtaining and maintaining sufficient working capital and other funds to satisfy our cash requirements. On January 27, 2014, we entered into a $200 million five-year senior secured revolving credit facility, as well as a $300 million five-year senior secured term loan facility. In connection with the Separation, we incurred borrowings of $400 million under the facilities and distributed $400 million of the proceeds of such indebtedness to our Former Parent. After the Separation, our access to and cost of debt financing may be different from the historical access to and cost of debt financing under our Former Parent. Differences in access to and cost of debt financing may result in differences in the interest rate charged to us on financings, as well as the amounts of indebtedness, types of financing structures and debt markets that may be available to us. \n Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the debt incurred in connection with the Separation, as well as any future debt that we may incur, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from operations, financings or asset sales and the tax consequences of our repatriation of overseas cash. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be forced to sell assets or take other disadvantageous actions, including (i) reducing financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes or (ii) dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. In addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in our industry could be impaired. The lenders who hold such debt could also potentially accelerate amounts due, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of any of our other debt. \n In addition, we may increase our debt or raise additional capital, subject to restrictions in our debt agreements. If our cash flow from operations is less than we anticipate, or if our cash requirements are more than we expect, we may require more financing. However, debt or equity financing may not be available to us on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of preferred stock, the terms of the debt or preferred stock issued may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of Knowles’ common stock, particularly in the event of liquidation. The terms of the debt may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on our operations than it currently has. If we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, your percentage ownership in Knowles would be diluted. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, it could affect our financial condition, which could negatively affect your investment in Knowles. Also, regardless of the terms of our debt or equity financing, the amount of our stock that we can issue may be limited because the issuance of our stock may cause the distribution to be a taxable event for our Former Parent under Section 355(e) of the Code, and under the tax matters agreement, we could be required to indemnify our Former Parent for the resulting tax. See the section entitled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Recent Separation—We may not be able to engage in certain corporate transactions as a result of the Separation.” \n Risks Related to Knowles’ Common Stock \n • Our stock price may fluctuate significantly. \n The market price of Knowles’ common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: \n o Our business profile and market capitalization may not fit the investment objectives of our Former Parent’s shareholders, causing a shift in our investor base, and Knowles’ common stock may not be included in some indices in which our Former Parent’s common stock is included, causing certain holders to sell their shares; o our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; o the failure of securities analysts to cover Knowles’ common stock; o actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; o changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates or our earnings guidance; o the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; o overall market fluctuations and domestic and worldwide economic conditions; and o other factors described in these “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. \n Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of Knowles’ common stock. \n In addition, investors may have difficulty accurately valuing Knowles’ common stock. Investors often value companies based on the stock prices and results of operations of other comparable companies. Currently, no public communication technologies company exists in the United States that is directly comparable to our size, scale and product offerings. As such, investors may find it difficult to accurately value Knowles’ common stock, which may cause the trading price of Knowles’ common stock to be below its true value. \n • We cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends on our common stock. \n The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to our shareholders will fall within the discretion of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors’ decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to the capital markets. We cannot guarantee that we will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividend if we commence paying dividends. \n • Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of the Company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. \n Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: \n o the inability of our shareholders to call a special meeting or act by written consent; o rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; o the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; o the division of our Board of Directors into three approximately equal classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term; o a provision that shareholders may only remove directors for cause; o the ability of our directors, without a shareholder vote, to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors (including those resulting from an enlargement of the Board of Directors); and o the requirement that shareholders holding at least 80% of our voting stock are required to amend certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws. \n In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that (without prior board approval) acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15 percent of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliate becomes the holder of more than 15 percent of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock. \n We believe these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. \n In addition, an acquisition or further issuance of our stock could trigger the application of Section 355(e) of the Code. Under the tax matters agreement, we would be required to indemnify our Former Parent for the tax imposed under Section 355(e) of the Code resulting from an acquisition or issuance of our stock, even if we did not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition, and this indemnity obligation might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that you may consider favorable.