Please carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In
addition, the current global economic climate amplifies many of these risks. 
 We Face Intense Competition 
 Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries,
including retail, e-commerce services, digital content and digital media devices, and web services. Many of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and greater brand recognition. They may
secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. 
 Competition may intensify as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand into our market segments. In addition, new and enhanced
technologies, including search, web services, and digital, may increase our competition. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, and increased competition may reduce our sales and profits. 
 Our Expansion Places a Significant Strain on our Management, Operational, Financial and Other Resources 
 We are rapidly and significantly expanding our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings and scaling our
infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, 
 systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation,
limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. 
 Our Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies
and Geographic Regions Subjects Us to Additional Business, Legal, Financial and Competitive Risks 
 We may have limited
or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our new offerings. These offerings may present new and difficult technology challenges, and we may be subject to claims if customers of these offerings experience service
disruptions or failures or other quality issues. In addition, profitability, if any, in our newer activities may be lower than in our older activities, and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them.
If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. 
 We May Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Growth Rate 
 We may not be able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A
significant portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. 
 Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services
offered by us or our sellers, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in
decreased revenue or growth. 
 Our sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to
risks described elsewhere in this section and the following: 
 our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers’ demands; 
 our ability to retain and expand our network of sellers; 
 our ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; 
 the introduction of competitive websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements; 
 changes in usage or adoption rates of the Internet, e-commerce, digital media devices and web services, including in non-U.S. markets; 
 timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure; 
 the success of our geographic, service, and product line expansions; 
 the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims; 
 variations in the mix of products and services we sell; 
 variations in our level of merchandise and vendor returns; 
 the extent to which we offer free shipping, continue to reduce product prices worldwide, and provide additional benefits to our customers; 
 the extent to which we invest in technology and content, fulfillment and other expense categories; 
 increases in the prices of fuel and gasoline, as well as increases in the prices of other energy products and commodities like paper and packing
supplies; 
 the extent to which our equity method investees record significant operating and non-operating items; 
 the extent to which operators of the networks between our customers and our websites successfully charge fees to grant our customers unimpaired and
unconstrained access to our online services; 
 our ability to collect amounts owed to us when they become due; 
 the extent to which use of our services is affected by spyware, viruses, phishing and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft,
computer intrusions and similar events; and 
 terrorist attacks and armed hostilities. 
 We May Not Be Successful in Our Efforts to Expand into International Market Segments 
 Our international activities are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand internationally. In certain international market segments, we have relatively little operating
experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain international operations and websites and promote our brand internationally. Our international operations may
not be profitable on a sustained basis. 
 In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international sales and
operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 
 local economic and political conditions; 
 government regulation of e-commerce, other online services and electronic devices and restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection
measures, including export duties and quotas and custom duties and tariffs), nationalization and restrictions on foreign ownership; 
 restrictions on sales or distribution of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding liability for products, services and content, including
uncertainty as a result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal precedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the physical and digital distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual
property rights; 
 business licensing or certification requirements, such as for imports, exports and electronic devices; 
 limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 
 limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure; 
 shorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow; 
 laws and regulations regarding consumer and data protection, privacy, network security, encryption, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; 
 lower levels of use of the Internet; 
 lower levels of consumer spending and fewer opportunities for growth compared to the U.S.; 
 lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk; 
 difficulty in staffing, developing and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language and cultural differences; 
 different employee/employer relationships and the existence of workers’ councils and labor unions; 
 laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans and taxes; and 
 geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. 
 As the international e-commerce channel grows, competition will intensify. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local
customer, as well as their more established local brand names. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth. 
 The People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) regulates Amazon’s and its
affiliates’ businesses and operations in the PRC through regulations and license requirements restricting (i) foreign investment in the Internet, IT infrastructure, retail, delivery, and other sectors, (ii) Internet content and
(iii) the sale of media and other products. For example, in order to meet local ownership and regulatory licensing requirements, www.amazon.cn is operated by PRC companies that are indirectly owned, either wholly or partially, by PRC nationals.
Although we believe these structures comply with existing PRC laws, they involve unique risks. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC laws and regulations, and it is possible that the PRC government will ultimately
take a view contrary to ours. If our Chinese business interests were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations or if interpretations of those laws and regulations were to change, the business could be subject to
fines and other financial penalties, have licenses revoked or be forced to shut down entirely. In addition, the Chinese businesses and operations may be unable to continue to operate if we or our affiliates are unable to enforce contractual
relationships with respect to management and control of such businesses. 
 If We Do Not Successfully Optimize and Operate
Our Fulfillment Centers, Our Business Could Be Harmed 
 If we do not adequately predict customer demand or otherwise
optimize and operate our fulfillment centers successfully, it could result in excess or insufficient inventory or fulfillment capacity, result in increased costs, impairment charges, or both, or harm our business in other ways. A failure to optimize
inventory will increase our net shipping cost by requiring long-zone or partial shipments. Orders from several of our websites are fulfilled primarily from a single location, and we have only a limited ability to reroute orders to third parties for
drop-shipping. We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers. As we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capability or add new businesses with different fulfillment requirements, our
fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If the other businesses on whose behalf we perform inventory fulfillment services deliver product to our fulfillment centers in excess of forecasts, we may
be unable to secure sufficient storage space and may be unable to optimize our fulfillment centers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our network effectively. 
 We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. If we are not able to
negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or they experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory
efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, labor disputes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and similar factors. 
 Third parties either drop-ship or otherwise fulfill an increasing portion of our customers’ orders, and we are increasingly reliant
on the reliability, quality and future procurement of their services. Under some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies, thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory and operating our fulfillment
centers. Our failure to properly handle such inventory or the inability of these other companies to accurately forecast product demand would result in unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation. 
 The Seasonality of Our Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations 
 We expect a disproportionate amount of our net sales to occur during our fourth quarter. If we do not stock or restock popular products in
sufficient amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand, it could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. If we overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs, which could reduce
profitability. We may experience an increase in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our
websites within a short period of time due to increased holiday demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our 
 websites
unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we 
 sell and the attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and
other fulfillment companies and customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. We also face risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment center optimization and inventory. 
 We generally have payment terms with our vendors that extend beyond the amount of time necessary to collect proceeds from our customers.
As a result of holiday sales, at December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by or used in investing and financing
activities). This operating cycle results in a corresponding increase in accounts payable at December 31. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the first three months of the year, resulting in a corresponding decline in our
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. 
 Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making,
Integrating, and Maintaining Commercial Agreements, Strategic Alliances, and Other Business Relationships 
 We provide
e-commerce services to other businesses through our seller programs and other commercial agreements, strategic alliances and business relationships. Under these agreements, we provide technology, fulfillment and other services, as well as enable
sellers to offer products or services through our websites and power their websites. These arrangements are complex and require substantial personnel and resource commitments by us, which may limit the agreements we are able to enter into and our
ability to integrate and deliver services under them. If we fail to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial relationships, which may include fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment
processing, licensing of third-party software, hardware, and content, and engaging third parties to perform hosting and other services, these initiatives may not be viable. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of these agreements is
partially dependent on the volume of the other company’s sales. Therefore, if the other company’s offering is not successful, the compensation we receive may be lower than expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not
be able to enter into additional commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide these services if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining or
developing these services. 
 As our agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable
terms, or at all. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our present and future e-commerce services agreements, other commercial agreements, and strategic alliances create additional risks such
as: 
 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 
 impairment of other relationships; 
 variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and 
 difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements. 
 Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments 
 We have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures with additional companies. These transactions create risks such as: 
 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 
 problems retaining key personnel; 
 additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; 
 the potential impairment of tangible assets, such as inventory, and intangible assets and goodwill acquired in the acquisitions; 
 the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result of any
integration of operations; 
 the difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our offerings and unanticipated expenses related to such integration; 
 the difficulty of integrating a new company’s accounting, financial reporting, management, information and information security, human resource
and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented; 
 for investments in which an investee’s financial performance is incorporated into our financial results, either in full or in part, the dependence
on the investee’s accounting, financial reporting and similar systems, controls and processes; 
 the difficulty of implementing at companies we acquire the controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company; 
 potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and 
 for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic,
political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 
 As a result of future acquisitions or
mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. In
addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly given the current global economic climate. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair
value which could adversely impact our financial results. 
 We Have Foreign Exchange Risk 
 The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international websites are exposed to foreign
exchange rate fluctuations. Upon translation, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations,
our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. We also hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities primarily in Euros, Japanese Yen, and British Pounds. If the U.S. Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash
equivalents and marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less than expected and vice versa. 
 The Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business 
 We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, particularly Jeffrey P. Bezos, our President, CEO, and Chairman. We do not
have “key person” life insurance policies. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees could harm our business. 
 We Could Be Harmed by Data Loss or Other Security Breaches 
 As a
result of our services being web-based and the fact that we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, including personal information, for our customers, failure to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches could expose us or
our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, adversely affect our operating results, result in litigation or potential liability for us and otherwise harm our business. Although we 
 have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, such measures cannot provide absolute security. In
addition, we rely on third party technology and systems in certain aspects of our businesses, including for encryption and authentication technology to securely transmit confidential information. 
 We Face Risks Related to System Interruption and Lack of Redundancy 
 We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us
from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems
and network infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of our systems, it could cause system interruptions or delays and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications
failure, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data, and could
prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services, which could make our product and service offerings less attractive and subject us to liability. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning
may not be sufficient. In addition, we may have inadequate insurance coverage to compensate for any related losses. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy. 
 We Face Significant Inventory Risk 
 In addition to risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment center and inventory optimization by us and third parties, we are exposed to significant inventory risks that may
adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, defective merchandise, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with
respect to our products and other factors. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking products we manufacture and/or sell. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory
or components are ordered and the date of sale. In addition, when we begin selling or manufacturing a new product, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component selection, and accurately forecast
demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may require significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. We carry a broad selection and significant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer
electronics, and we may be unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or during the relevant selling seasons. Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect our operating results. 
 We May Not Be Able to Adequately Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights or May Be Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property
Rights of Third Parties 
 We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets,
proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, and
others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are made available. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names
in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to,
infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. 
 We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our
proprietary rights. Third parties that license our proprietary rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant
financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain
that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights. 
 Other parties also may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us
of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us or the payment of damages. We may need to obtain
licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed their rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or utilize on terms that are favorable to us, or at
all, licenses or other rights with respect to intellectual property we do not own in providing e-commerce services to other businesses and individuals under commercial agreements. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties
whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. 
 Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital
rights management technology to control access to digital content. If the digital rights management technology that we use is compromised or otherwise malfunctions, we could be subject to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to include
their content in our service. 
 We Have a Rapidly Evolving Business Model and Our Stock Price Is Highly Volatile 
 We have a rapidly evolving business model. The trading price of our common stock fluctuates significantly in response
to, among other risks, the risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A, as well as: 
 changes in interest rates; 
 conditions or trends in the Internet and the e-commerce industry; 
 quarterly variations in operating results; 
 fluctuations in the stock market in general and market prices for Internet-related companies in particular; 
 changes in financial estimates by us or securities analysts and recommendations by securities analysts; 
 changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public; 
 changes in the valuation methodology of, or performance by, other e-commerce or technology companies; and 
 transactions in our common stock by major investors and certain analyst reports, news, and speculation. 
 Volatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities and force us to increase our cash
compensation to employees or grant larger stock awards than we have historically, which could hurt our operating results or reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders, or both. 
 Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet, e-commerce,
and electronic devices. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede our growth. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, mobile communications, electronic device
certification, electronic waste, electronic contracts and other 
 communications, consumer protection, web services, the provision of online payment services, unencumbered Internet access to our services, the design and operation of websites, and the
characteristics and quality of products and services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, and personal privacy apply to the Internet, e-commerce, digital content and web services. Jurisdictions may
regulate consumer-to-consumer online businesses, including certain aspects of our seller programs. Unfavorable regulations and laws could diminish the demand for our products and services and increase our cost of doing business. 
 We Do Not Collect Sales or Consumption Taxes in Some Jurisdictions 
 U.S. Supreme Court decisions restrict the imposition of obligations to collect state and local sales taxes with respect to remote sales.
However, an increasing number of states have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose obligations on out-of-state retailers to collect taxes on their behalf. We support a Federal law that would require sales tax collection under a
nationwide system. More than half of our revenue is already earned in jurisdictions where we collect sales tax or its equivalent. A successful assertion by one or more states or foreign countries requiring us to collect taxes where we do not do so
could result in substantial tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest. 
 We Could be
Subject to Additional Income Tax Liabilities 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision and accruals for these taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. For example, our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by
losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, by entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses, by acquisitions, by
changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations. We are subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions
may assess additional income tax liabilities against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and
accruals. Developments in an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. 
 Our Supplier Relationships Subject Us to a Number of Risks 
 We have significant suppliers, including licensors, that are important to our sourcing, services, manufacturing and any related ongoing
servicing of merchandise and content. We do not have long-term arrangements with most of our suppliers to guarantee availability of merchandise, content, components or services, particular payment terms, or the extension of credit limits. If our
current suppliers were to stop selling or licensing merchandise, content, components or services to us on acceptable terms, or delay delivery, including as a result of one or more supplier bankruptcies due to poor economic conditions, as a result of
natural disasters or for other reasons, we may be unable to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 We May be Subject to Risks Related to Government Contracts and Related Procurement Regulations 
 Our contracts with U.S., as well as state, local and foreign, government entities are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration and
performance. We may be subject to audits and investigations relating to our government contracts and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contract, refunding or
suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines and suspension or debarment from future government business. In addition, such contracts may provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause. 
 We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims if People or Property Are Harmed by the
Products We Sell 
 Some of the products we sell or manufacture may expose us to product liability claims relating to
personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. Certain third parties also sell products using our e-commerce platform that may increase our exposure to product liability claims, such as
if these sellers do not have sufficient protection from such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available
to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability. 
 We Are Subject to Payments-Related Risks 
 We accept payments using a
variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts (including promotional financing), gift certificates, direct debit from a customer’s bank account, consumer invoicing, physical bank check and payment upon delivery. As we
offer new payment options to our customers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements, and fraud. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over
time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, and promotional financing, and it could disrupt
our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic
funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for
card issuing banks’ costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our
business and operating results could be adversely affected. We also offer co-branded credit card programs that represent a significant component of our services revenue. If one or more of these agreements are terminated and we are unable to replace
them on similar terms, or at all, it could adversely affect our operating results. 
 In addition, we qualify as a money
services business in certain jurisdictions because we enable customers to keep account balances with us and transfer money to third parties, and because we provide services to third parties to facilitate payments on their behalf. In these
jurisdictions, we may be subject to requirements for licensing, regulatory inspection, bonding, the handling of transferred funds and consumer disclosures. We are also subject to or voluntarily comply with a number of other laws and regulations
relating to money laundering, international money transfers, privacy and information security and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties
or forced to cease our payments services business. 
 We Could Be Liable for Fraudulent or Unlawful Activities of Sellers 
 The law relating to the liability of providers of online payment services is currently unsettled. In addition,
governmental agencies could require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under our seller programs, we may be unable to prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or otherwise, when buyers never receive the products they
ordered or when the products received are materially different from the sellers’ descriptions. Under our A2Z Guarantee, we reimburse buyers for payments up to certain limits in these situations, and as our marketplace seller sales grow, the
cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. We also may be unable to prevent sellers on our sites or through other seller sites from selling unlawful goods, from selling goods in an unlawful manner, or
violating the proprietary rights of others, and could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our sellers.