RISK FACTORS 
 You
should carefully consider all the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this document when evaluating your investment in our securities. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware or that we currently deem
immaterial also may become important factors that affect our Company. The occurrence of any of the following risks might cause you to lose all or a part of your investment. Some statements in this Form 10-K, including statements in the following
risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 A small number of customers account for a
significant portion of our revenue. The loss or significant reduction in business from one or more of our large customers could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, and impact the amount of cash available
for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend, upon a relatively small
number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenue. Our top 20 customers collectively accounted for approximately 60% of our total annualized rent as of December 31, 2012. As a result of this customer concentration, our business,
financial condition and results of operations, including the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, could be adversely affected if we lose one or more of our larger customers, if such customers significantly reduce their
business with us or if we choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, any rights that we may have now or in the future against these significant customers because of our desire to maintain our relationship with them. 
 A significant percentage of our customer base is also concentrated in industry sectors that may from time to time experience volatility
including, in particular, the oil and gas sector. Enterprises in the energy industry comprised approximately 37% of our annualized rent as of December 31, 2012. A downturn in the oil and gas industry could negatively impact the financial
condition of one or more of our oil and gas company customers, including several of our larger customers. In an industry downturn, those customers could default on their obligations to us, delay the purchase of new services from us or decline to
renew expiring leases, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, if any customer becomes a debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, applicable bankruptcy laws may limit our ability to terminate our contract with such customer solely because of the
bankruptcy or recover any amounts owed to us under our agreements with such customer. In addition, applicable bankruptcy laws could allow the customer to reject and terminate its agreement with us, with limited ability for us to collect the full
amount of our damages. Our business, including our revenue and cash available for distribution to our stockholders, could be adversely affected if any of our significant customers were to become bankrupt or insolvent. 
 A significant percentage of our customer leases expire each year or are on a month-to-month basis, and most of our leases contain early termination
provisions. If leases with our customers are not renewed on the same or more favorable terms or are terminated early by our customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be substantially harmed. 
 Our customers may not renew their leases following expiration. This risk is increased by the significant percentage of our customer leases
that expire every year. As of December 31, 2012, leases representing 36%, 14% and 13% of the annualized rent for our portfolio will expire during 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively, and an additional 8% of the annualized rent for our portfolio
was from month-to-month leases. While historically we have retained a significant number of our customers, including those leasing from us on a month-to-month basis, 
 upon expiration our customers may elect not to renew their leases or renew their leases at lower rates, for fewer services or for shorter terms. If we are unable to successfully renew or continue
our customer leases on the same or more favorable terms or subsequently re-lease available data center space when such leases expire, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, most of our leases contain early termination provisions that allow our customers to reduce the term of their leases subject
to payment of an early termination charge that is often a specified portion of the remaining rent payable on such leases. Leases representing approximately 19% of our annualized rent as of December 31, 2012 require payment of less than 50% of
the remaining rental payment due on the applicable lease. The exercise by customers of early termination options could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We generate a substantial portion of our revenue by servicing a limited geographic area, which makes us more susceptible to regional economic
downturns. 
 Our portfolio of properties consists primarily of data centers geographically concentrated in cities in Ohio
and Texas. These markets comprised 37% and 61%, respectively, of our annualized rent as of December 31, 2012. As such, we are susceptible to local economic conditions and the supply of, and demand for, data center space in these markets. If
there is a downturn in the economy, a natural disaster or an oversupply of, or decrease in demand for, data centers in these markets, our business could be adversely affected to a greater extent than if we owned a real estate portfolio that was more
diversified in terms of both geography and industry focus. 
 Even if we have additional space available for lease at any one of our data
centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. 
 Customers are increasing their use of high-density electrical power equipment in our data centers, which has significantly increased the demand for power. As current and future customers increase their
power footprint in our facilities over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit our ability to increase occupancy rates or network density within our existing facilities. In addition, our power and cooling systems are
difficult and expensive to upgrade. Accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. 
 We do not own all of the buildings in which our data centers are located. Instead, we lease or sublease certain of our data center spaces and the
ability to retain these leases or subleases could be a significant risk to our ongoing operations. 
 We do not own 14
buildings that account for approximately 600,000 NRSF, or approximately 35% of our total operating NRSF. These leased buildings accounted for 37% of our total annualized rent as of December 31, 2012. Our business could be harmed if we are
unable to renew the leases for these data centers on favorable terms or at all. Additionally, in several of our smaller facilities we sublease our space, and our rights under these subleases are dependent on our sublandlord retaining its rights
under the prime lease. The weighted average remaining term for such leases and subleases is approximately nine years, or approximately 20 years after giving effect to our contractual renewal rights. When the primary terms of our existing leases
expire, we generally have the right to extend the terms of our leases for one or more renewal periods, subject to, in the case of several of our subleases, our sublandlord renewing its term under the prime lease. For four of these leases and
subleases, the renewal rent will be determined based on the fair market value of rental rates for the property, and the then prevailing rental rates may be higher than the current rental rates under the applicable lease. The rent for the remaining
leases and subleases will be based on a fixed percentage increase over the base rent during the year immediately prior to expiration. Several of our data centers are leased or subleased from other data center companies, which may increase our risk
of non-renewal or renewal on less than favorable terms. If renewal rates 
 are less favorable than those we currently have, we may be required to increase revenues within existing data centers to offset such increase in lease payments. Failure to increase revenues to
sufficiently offset these projected higher costs would adversely impact our operating income. Upon the end of our renewal options, we would have to renegotiate our lease terms with the applicable landlords. 
 Additionally, if we are unable to renew the lease at any of our data centers, we could lose customers due to the disruptions in their
operations caused by the relocation. We could also lose those customers that choose our data centers based on their locations. In addition, it is not typical for us to relocate data center infrastructure equipment, such as generators, power
distribution units and cooling units, from their initial installation. The costs of relocating such equipment to a different data centers could be prohibitive and, as such, we could lose the value of this equipment. For these reasons, any lease that
cannot be renewed could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any losses to our properties that
are not covered by insurance, or that exceed our policy coverage limits, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The properties in our portfolio are subject to casualty risks, including from causes related to riots, war, terrorism or acts of God. For example, our properties located in Texas are generally subject to
risks related to tropical storms, hurricanes and other severe weather and floods, and our properties located in the Midwest are generally subject to risks related to earthquakes, tornados and other severe weather. While we carry commercial
liability, fire, extended coverage, earthquake, business interruption and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio under a blanket policy, the amount of insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover the losses
we suffer. 
 If we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds our policy coverage limits, we could lose the capital
invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties were subject to recourse indebtedness, we could continue to be liable for the indebtedness even if these
properties were irreparably damaged. 
 In addition, even if damage to our properties is covered by insurance, a disruption of
our business caused by a casualty event may result in the loss of business or customers. The business interruption insurance we carry may not fully compensate us for the loss of business or customers due to an interruption caused by a casualty
event. 
 A disruption in the financial markets may make it more difficult to evaluate the stability, net assets and
capitalization of insurance companies and any insurer’s ability to meet its claim payment obligations. A failure of an insurance company to make payments to us upon an event of loss covered by an insurance policy could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our properties may not be covered by title insurance. 
 While we intend to seek either endorsements to provide us with the benefits of existing title insurance policies of CBI and its
subsidiaries with respect to the contributed owned properties and material leased properties or new title insurance policies for such properties and we are obligated to seek new title insurance policies in connection with our revolving credit
facility, we do not currently have such policies in effect. No assurance can be provided that we will obtain such policies. In addition, any title insurance coverage we do obtain may not insure for the current aggregate value of our portfolio, and
we do not intend to increase our title insurance coverage if the market value of our portfolio increases. A failure to obtain title insurance could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions
that could reduce our revenues and harm our brand and reputation. 
 Our business depends on providing customers with a
highly reliable data center environment. We may fail to provide such service as a result of numerous factors, including: 
 human error; 
 unexpected equipment failure; 
 power loss or telecommunications failures; 
 improper building maintenance by our landlords in the buildings that we lease; 
 physical or electronic security breaches; 
 fire, tropical storm, hurricane, tornado, flood, earthquake and other natural disasters; 
 water damage; 
 war, terrorism and any related conflicts or similar events worldwide; and 
 sabotage and vandalism. 
 Problems at one or more of our data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or equipment damage. Substantially all of our leases include terms requiring us to
meet certain service level commitments primarily in terms of electrical output to, and maintenance of environmental conditions in, the data center raised floor space leased by customers. Any failure to meet these commitments or any equipment damage
in our data centers, including as a result of mechanical failure, power outage, human error on our part or other reasons, could subject us to liability under our lease terms, including service level credits against customer rent payments, or, in
certain cases of repeated failures, the right by the customer to terminate the lease. For example, although our data center facilities are engineered to reliably power and cool our customers’ computing equipment, it is possible that an outage
could adversely affect a facility’s power and cooling capabilities. Depending on the frequency and duration of these outages, the affected customers may have the right to terminate their lease, which could have a negative impact on our
business. We may also be required to expend significant financial resources to protect against physical or cyber security breaches that could result in the misappropriation of our proprietary information or the information of our customers. We may
not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, these measures might be circumvented. Service interruptions, equipment failures or security breaches may also expose us to additional legal liability and
damage our brand and reputation, and could cause our customers to terminate or not renew their leases. In addition, we may be unable to attract new customers if we have a reputation for significant or frequent service disruptions, equipment failures
or physical or cyber security breaches in our data centers. Any such failures could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our growth depends on the development of our properties and our ability to successfully lease those properties, and any delays or unexpected costs associated with such projects or the ability to lease
such properties may harm our growth prospects, future business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our growth
depends in part upon successfully developing properties into operating data center space. Current and future development projects will involve substantial planning, allocation of significant company resources and certain risks, including risks
related to financing, zoning, regulatory approvals, construction costs and delays. These projects will also require us to carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more general contractors and associated subcontractors during the
construction process. Should a general contractor or significant subcontractor experience financial or other problems during the construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and other negative
impacts to our expected returns. 
 Site selection is also a critical factor in our expansion plans, and there may not be
suitable properties available in our markets at a location that is attractive to our customers and has the necessary combination of access to multiple network providers, a significant supply of electrical power, high ceilings and the ability to
sustain heavy floor loading. Furthermore, while we may prefer to locate new data centers adjacent to our existing data centers, we may be limited by the inventory and location of suitable properties. 
 In addition, in developing new properties, we will be required to secure an adequate supply of power from local utilities, which may
include unanticipated costs. For example, we could incur increased costs to develop utility substations on our properties in order to accommodate our power needs. Any inability to secure an appropriate power supply on a timely basis or on acceptable
financial terms could adversely affect our ability to develop the property on an economically feasible basis, or at all. 
 These and other risks could result in delays or increased costs or prevent the completion of our development projects and growth of our
business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we have in
the past undertaken development projects prior to obtaining commitments from customers to lease the related data center space. We will likely choose to undertake future development projects under similar terms. Such development involves the risk
that we will be unable to attract customers to the relevant properties on a timely basis or at all. If we are unable to attract customers and our properties remain vacant or underutilized for a significant amount of time, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We are dependent upon third-party suppliers for power and certain other
services, and we are vulnerable to service failures of our third-party suppliers and to price increases by such suppliers. 
 We rely on third party local utilities to provide power to our data centers. We are therefore subject to an inherent risk that such local
utilities may fail to deliver such power in adequate quantities or on a consistent basis, and our recourse against the utility and ability to control such failures may be limited. If power delivered from the local utility is insufficient or
interrupted, we would be required to provide power through the operation of our on-site generators, generally at a significantly higher operating cost than we would pay for an equivalent amount of power from the local utility. We may not be able to
pass on the higher cost to our customers. In addition, if the generator power were to fail, we would generally be subject to paying service level credits to our customers, who may in certain instances have the right to terminate their leases.
Furthermore, any sustained loss of power could reduce the confidence of our customers in our services thereby impairing our ability to attract and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our results
of operations. 
 In addition, even when power supplies are adequate, we may be subject to pricing risks and unanticipated costs
associated with obtaining power from various utility companies. While we actively seek to lock-in utility rates, many factors beyond our control may increase the rate charged by the local utility. For instance, municipal utilities in areas
experiencing financial distress may increase rates to compensate for financial shortfalls unrelated to either the cost of production or the demand for electricity. Utilities may be dependent on, and be sensitive to price increases for, a particular
type of fuel, such as coal, oil or natural gas. In addition, the price of these fuels and the electricity generated from them could increase as a result of proposed legislative measures related to climate change or efforts to regulate carbon
emissions. In any of these cases, increases in the cost of power at any of our data centers could put those locations at a competitive disadvantage relative to data centers served by utilities that can provide less expensive power. These pricing
risks are particularly acute with respect to our customer leases that are structured on a full-service gross basis, where the customer pays a fixed amount for both colocation rental and power. Our business, financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely affected in the event of an increase in utility rates under these leases, which, as of December 31, 2012, accounted for approximately 39% of our leased NRSF, because we may be limited in our ability to pass on such
costs to these customers. 
 We depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers, and any
delays or disruptions in connectivity may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our customers require connectivity to the fiber networks of multiple third-party telecommunications carriers. In order for us to attract
and retain customers, our data centers need to provide sufficient access for customers to connect to those carriers. While we provide space and facilities in our data centers for carriers to locate their equipment and connect customers to their
networks, any carrier may elect not to offer its services within our data centers or may elect to discontinue its service. Furthermore, carriers may periodically experience business difficulties which could affect their ability to provide
telecommunications services, or the service provided by a carrier may be inadequate or of poor quality. If carriers were to terminate connectivity within our data centers or if connectivity were to be degraded or interrupted, it could put that data
center at a competitive disadvantage versus a competitor’s data center that does provide adequate connectivity. A material loss of adequate third-party connectivity could have an adverse effect on the businesses of our customers and, in turn,
our own results of operations and cash flow. 
 Furthermore, each new data center that we develop requires significant amounts
of capital to be expended by third-party telecommunications carriers for the construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our data centers is complex and
involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory requirements, the availability of construction resources and the sufficiency of such third-party telecommunications carriers’ financial resources to fund the construction. If the
establishment of highly diverse network connectivity to our data centers does not occur, is materially delayed, is discontinued or is subject to failure, our ability to attract new customers or retain existing customers may be negatively affected
and, as a result our results of operations and cash flow may be adversely affected. Any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our data centers, which could negatively affect our ability to
attract new customers or retain existing customers. 
 The loss of access to key third-party technical service providers and suppliers could
adversely affect our current and any future development projects. 
 Our success depends, to a significant degree, on having
timely access to certain key third-party technical personnel who are in limited supply and great demand, such as engineering firms and construction contractors capable of developing our properties, and to key suppliers of electrical and mechanical
equipment that complement the design of our data center facilities. For any future development projects, we will continue to rely on these personnel and suppliers to develop data centers. Competition for such technical expertise is intense, and
there are a limited number of electrical and mechanical equipment suppliers that design and produce the equipment that we require. We may not always have or retain access to such key service providers and equipment suppliers, which could adversely
affect our current and any future development projects. 
 The long sales cycle for data center services may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 
 A customer’s decision to lease space in one of our data centers and to
purchase additional services typically involves a significant commitment of resources, significant contract negotiations regarding the service level commitments, and significant due diligence on the part of the customer regarding the adequacy of our
facilities, including the adequacy of carrier connections. As a result, the sale of data center space has a long sales cycle. Furthermore, we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular sale or customer that may not result in
revenue. Our inability to adequately manage the risks associated with the data center sales cycle may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our international activities are subject to special risks different from those faced by us in the United
States, and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business. 
 Our operations are primarily based in the
United States with a more limited presence in the United Kingdom and Southeast Asia. Expanding our international operations involves risks not generally associated with investments in the United States, including: 
 our limited knowledge of and relationships with sellers, customers, contractors, suppliers or other parties in these markets; 
 complexity and costs associated with staffing and managing international development and operations; 
 difficulty in hiring qualified management, sales and construction personnel and service providers in a timely fashion; 
 problems securing and maintaining the necessary physical and telecommunications infrastructure; 
 multiple, conflicting and changing legal, regulatory, entitlement and permitting, and tax and treaty environments with which we have limited
familiarity; 
 exposure to increased taxation, confiscation or expropriation; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, currency transfer restrictions and limitations on our ability to distribute cash earned in foreign
jurisdictions to the United States; 
 longer payment cycles and problems collecting accounts receivable; 
 laws and regulations on content distributed over the Internet that are more restrictive than those in the United States; 
 difficulty in enforcing agreements in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including those entered into in connection with our acquisitions or in the event of a
default by one or more of our customers, suppliers or contractors; 
 political and economic instability, including sovereign credit risk, in certain geographic regions; and 
 exposure to restrictive foreign labor law practices. 
 Our inability to overcome these risks could adversely affect our foreign operations and growth prospects and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions and successfully operate acquired properties. 
 We continually evaluate the market for available properties and may acquire data centers or properties suited for data center development
when opportunities exist. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully develop and operate them involves significant risks, including: 
 we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other data center companies or real estate investors with more capital; 
 even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price of such
property; 
 we may be unable to realize the intended benefits from acquisitions or achieve anticipated operating or financial results; 
 we may be unable to finance the acquisition on favorable terms or at all; 
 we may underestimate the costs to make necessary improvements to acquired properties; 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions into our existing operations resulting in disruptions to our operations or the
diversion of our management’s attention; 
 acquired properties may be subject to reassessment, which may result in higher than expected tax payments; 
 we may not be able to access sufficient power on favorable terms or at all; and 
 market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates. 
 If we are unable to successfully acquire, develop and operate data center properties, our ability to grow our business, compete and meet
market expectations will be significantly impaired, which would adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 Our customers may choose
to develop new data centers or expand their own existing data centers, which could result in the loss of one or more key customers or reduce demand for our newly developed data centers. 
 In the future, our customers may choose to develop new data centers or expand or consolidate into their existing data centers that we do
not own. In the event that any of our key customers were to do so, it could result in a loss of business to us or put pressure on our pricing. If we lose a customer, we cannot assure you that we would be able to replace that customer at a
competitive rate or at all, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A decrease in the
demand for data center space could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our
portfolio of properties consists primarily of data center space. A decrease in the demand for data center space would have a greater adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations than if we owned a portfolio with a
more diversified customer base or less specialized use. Adverse developments in the outsourced data center space industry could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for outsourced data center space. Changes in industry practice or
in technology, such as server virtualization technology, more efficient or miniaturization of computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today’s devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data
center space we provide or make the customer improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. 
 We may have difficulty managing our growth. 
 We have significantly and rapidly expanded the size of our Company. For example, we increased our footprint by 39% from approximately 1,240,000 NRSF at the beginning of 2011 to approximately 1,716,000
NRSF by December 31, 2012. Our growth may significantly strain our management, operational and financial resources and systems. An inability to manage our growth effectively or the increased strain on our management, our resources and systems
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 To fund our growth strategy and refinance
our indebtedness, we depend on external sources of capital, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“the Code”), among other things, to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income
annually, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. Even if we maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we
distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gains, as well as U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates for income recognized by our taxable
REIT subsidiaries (“TRS”). Because of these distribution requirements, we will likely not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing, from operating cash flow. Consequently, we intend to rely on
third-party capital markets sources for debt or equity financing to fund our growth strategy. In addition, we may need third-party capital markets sources to refinance our indebtedness at maturity. Continued or increased turbulence in the U.S.,
European and other international 
 financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure
requirements and may result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As such, we may not be able to obtain the financing on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital also
depends, in part, on: 
 the market’s perception of our growth potential; 
 our then-current debt levels; 
 our historical and expected future earnings, cash flow and cash distributions; and 
 the market price per share of our common stock. 
 In addition, our ability to access additional capital may be limited by the terms of our then-existing indebtedness which may restrict our incurrence of additional debt. If we cannot obtain capital when
needed, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities arise or refinance our debt at maturity, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Level of indebtedness and debt service obligations could have adverse effects on our business. 
 As of December 31, 2012, we had a total combined indebtedness, including capital lease obligations, of approximately $557 million and
other financing arrangements of $61 million. We also currently have the ability to borrow up to an additional $225 million under our revolving credit facility, subject to satisfying certain financial tests. There are no limits on the amount of
indebtedness we may incur other than limits contained in the senior notes indenture, our revolving credit facility, future agreements that we may enter into or as may be set forth in any policy limiting the amount of indebtedness we may incur
adopted by our board of directors. A substantial level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences for our business, financial condition and results of operations because it could, among other things: 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, thereby
reducing our cash flow available to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes, including to make distributions on our common stock as currently contemplated or necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT; 
 require us to maintain certain debt and coverage and other financial ratios at specified levels, thereby reducing our financial flexibility; 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 expose us to increases in interest rates for our variable rate debt; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds on favorable terms or at all to expand our business or ease liquidity constraints; 
 limit our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity on the same or more favorable terms or at all; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors that have less indebtedness; 
 increase our risk of property losses as the result of foreclosure actions initiated by lenders in the event we should incur mortgage or other secured
debt obligations; and 
 require us to dispose of one or more of our properties at disadvantageous prices or raise equity that may dilute the value of our common stock in order
to service our indebtedness or to raise funds to pay such indebtedness at maturity. 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing
operational flexibility and creating default risks. 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain covenants that place
restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. These covenants restrict, among other things, our and our subsidiaries’ ability to: 
 merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of our or our subsidiaries’ assets; 
 incur additional debt or issue preferred stock; 
 make certain investments or acquisitions; 
 create liens on our or our subsidiaries’ assets; 
 sell assets; 
 make capital expenditures; 
 make distributions on or repurchase our stock; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 issue or sell stock of our subsidiaries; and 
 change the nature of our business. 
 These covenants could impair our ability to grow our business, take advantage of attractive business opportunities or successfully compete. In addition, our revolving credit facility requires us to
maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy financial condition tests. The indenture governing our senior notes also requires our operating partnership and its subsidiaries to maintain total unencumbered assets of at least 150% of their
unsecured debt on a consolidated basis, provided that for the purposes of such calculation our revolving credit facility shall be treated as unsecured indebtedness. Our ability to comply with these ratios or tests may be affected by events beyond
our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. A breach of any of these covenants or covenants under any other agreements governing our indebtedness could result in an event of default. Cross-default provisions in our
debt agreements could cause an event of default under one debt agreement to trigger an event of default under our other debt agreements. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our debt agreements, the lenders or holders thereof
could elect to declare all outstanding debt under such agreements to be immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay or refinance the accelerated debt, the lenders or holders, as applicable could proceed against any assets pledged to
secure that debt, including foreclosing on or requiring the sale of our data centers, and our assets may not be sufficient to repay such debt in full. 
 We may become subject to litigation or threatened litigation which may divert management time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business. 
 We may become subject to disputes with commercial parties with whom we maintain relationships or other parties with whom
we do business, including as a result of any breach in our security systems or downtime in our critical electrical and cooling systems. Any such dispute could result in litigation between us and the other parties. Whether or not any dispute actually
proceeds to litigation, we may be required to devote significant management time and attention to its resolution (through litigation, settlement or otherwise), which would detract from our management’s ability to focus on our business. Any such
resolution could involve the payment of damages or expenses by us, which may be significant. In addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement with terms that restrict the operation of our business. 
 We could incur significant costs related to environmental matters. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous materials, the cleanup of contaminated sites and
health and safety matters. We could incur significant costs, including fines, penalties and other sanctions, cleanup costs and 
 third-party claims for property damages or personal injuries, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. Some environmental laws impose liability on
current owners or operators of property regardless of fault or the lawfulness of past disposal activities. For example, many of our sites contain above ground fuel storage tanks and, in some cases, currently contain or formerly contained underground
fuel storage tanks, for back-up generator use. Some of our sites also have a history of previous commercial operations. We also may acquire or develop sites in the future with unknown environmental conditions from historical operations. Although we
are not aware of any sites at which we currently have material remedial obligations, the imposition of remedial obligations as a result of spills or the discovery of contaminants in the future could result in significant additional costs. We also
could incur significant costs complying with current environmental laws or regulations or those that are promulgated in the future. 
 We may
be adversely affected by regulations related to climate change. 
 If we, or other companies with which we do business,
become subject to existing or future laws and regulations related to climate change, our business could be impacted adversely. For example, in the normal course of business, we enter into agreements with providers of electric power for our data
centers, and the costs of electric power comprise a significant component of our operating expenses. Changes in regulations that affect electric power providers, such as regulations related to the control of greenhouse gas emissions or other climate
change related matters, could adversely affect the costs of electric power and increase our operating costs and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or those of our customers. 
 We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to properties or businesses that we acquire for which we may have limited or no
recourse against the sellers. 
 Assets and entities that we have acquired or may acquire in the future, including the
properties contributed to us by CBI, may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have limited or no recourse against the sellers or CBI. Unknown or contingent liabilities might include liabilities for clean-up or remediation
of environmental conditions, claims of customers, vendors or other persons dealing with the acquired entities, tax liabilities and other liabilities whether incurred in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. In the future we may enter into
transactions with limited representations and warranties or with representations and warranties that do not survive the closing of the transactions, in which event we would have no or limited recourse against the sellers of such properties. While we
usually require the sellers to indemnify us with respect to breaches of representations and warranties that survive, such indemnification (including the indemnification by CBI) is often limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a
significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. 
 As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts
with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties. In addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that we may incur with respect to liabilities associated with acquired properties and entities may
exceed our expectations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, indemnification agreements between us and the sellers typically provide that the sellers will retain certain specified
liabilities relating to the assets and entities acquired by us. While the sellers are generally contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities, there can be no guarantee that such arrangements will
not require us to incur losses or other expenses as well. 
 We have no operating history as a REIT or an independent public company, and our
inexperience may impede our ability to successfully manage our business or implement effective internal controls. 
 We have
no operating history as a REIT. Similarly, while we formerly operated as a subsidiary of a public company, and key members of our management team have served in leadership roles of public companies, we have no operating history as an independent
public company. We cannot assure you that our past experience will be sufficient to successfully operate our company as a REIT or an independent public company. Even though we are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”) and therefore may take advantage of various exemptions to public reporting requirements (see “—We are 
 an ‘emerging growth company,’ and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to
investors”), we will still be required to implement substantial control systems and procedures in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, satisfy our periodic and current reporting requirements under applicable SEC regulations and comply
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank”) and NASDAQ Global Select Market listing standards. As a result, we will incur
significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we have not previously incurred, particularly after we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” and our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of
time to comply with these rules and regulations and establish the corporate infrastructure and controls demanded of a publicly traded REIT. These costs and time commitments could be substantially more than we currently expect. Therefore, our
historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future costs and performance as a stand-alone company. If our finance and accounting organization is unable for any reason to respond adequately to the increased demands that will result
from being an independent public company, the quality and timeliness of our financial reporting may suffer, and we could experience significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control
over financial reporting. 
 In our Form S-11 filings we identified a significant deficiency, as defined in the U.S. Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board Standard AU Section 325, related to our internal control over financial reporting. This significant deficiency related to IT controls over our change management process and logical access to our general ledger
system. We took measures to remediate the significant deficiency. As of December 31, 2012, these measures have been fully implemented, and we have concluded that these deficiencies have been fully remediated. 
 An inability to establish effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting or remediate
deficiencies could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or result in material weaknesses, material misstatements or omissions in our Exchange Act
reports, any of which could cause investors to lose confidence in our Company and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. 
 We face significant competition and may be unable to lease vacant space, renew existing leases or re-lease space as leases expire, which may adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We compete with numerous developers, owners and
operators of technology-related real estate and data centers, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets, as well as various other public and privately held companies that may provide data center colocation as part of a more
expansive managed services offering, and local developers. In addition, we may face competition from new entrants into the data center market. Some of our competitors may have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition,
longer operating histories, lower operating costs, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, greater financial, marketing and other resources, and access to less expensive power. These advantages could allow our competitors to
respond more quickly to strategic opportunities or changes in our industries or markets. If our competitors offer data center space that our existing or potential customers perceive to be superior to ours based on numerous factors, including power,
security considerations, location or network connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below our or current market rates, we may lose existing or potential customers, incur costs to improve our properties or be forced to reduce our rental rates. 
 The loss of any of our key personnel, including our executive officers or key sales associates, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success will continue to depend to a significant extent on our
executive officers and key sales associates. Each of our executive officers has a national or regional industry reputation that attracts business and 
 investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with lenders, existing and potential customers and industry personnel. The loss of key sales associates could hinder our ability to
continue to benefit from existing and potential customers. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to retain our current executive officers or key sales associates. The loss of any of these individuals could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our data center infrastructure may become obsolete, and we may not be able to
upgrade our power and cooling systems cost-effectively, or at all. 
 The markets for the data centers we own and operate, as
well as the industries in which our customers operate, are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new service introductions, shifting distribution channels and changing customer demands. Our data center
infrastructure may become obsolete due to the development of new systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat from the servers that we house. Additionally, our data center infrastructure could become obsolete as a result of the development of new
server technology that does not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide and could be run less expensively on a different platform. In addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and
expensive to upgrade. Accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. The obsolescence of our power and
cooling systems could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Declining real
estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 We review each of
our properties for indicators that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. Examples of such indicators may include a significant decrease in market price, a significant adverse change in the extent or manner the property is being used or in its
physical condition, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or development, or a history of operating or cash flow losses. When such impairment indicators exist, we review an estimate of
the future undiscounted net cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the real estate investment’s use and eventual disposition and compare to the carrying value of the property. We consider factors such as future
operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. If our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates that we are unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate
investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. These losses have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate
negative adjustment to net income. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results
in future periods. A worsening real estate market may cause us to re-evaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. Impairment charges could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are an “emerging growth company,” and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies
will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the
JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which our total annual revenue equals or exceeds $1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation),
(ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial offering, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt or (iv) the date
on which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” under the Exchange Act. We may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies,
including but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and 
 proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our
common stock and our stock price may be adversely affected and more volatile. 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry 
 Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with real estate assets and with the real estate industry. 
 Our ability to make expected distributions to our stockholders depends on our ability to generate revenues in excess of expenses,
scheduled principal payments on debt and capital expenditure requirements. Events and conditions generally applicable to owners and operators of real property that are beyond our control may decrease cash available for distribution to you and the
value of our properties. These events include: 
 local oversupply, increased competition or reduction in demand for technology-related space; 
 inability to collect rent from customers; 
 vacancies or our inability to rent space on favorable terms; 
 inability to finance property development and acquisitions on favorable terms; 
 increased operating costs to the extent not paid for by our customers; 
 costs of complying with changes in governmental regulations; 
 the relative illiquidity of real estate investments, especially the specialized real estate properties that we hold and seek to acquire and develop;
and 
 changing submarket demographics. 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments, particularly our data centers, could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties, which could harm our
financial condition. 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more
properties in our portfolio in response to adverse changes in the real estate market or in the performance of such properties may be limited, thus harming our financial condition. The real estate market is affected by many factors that are beyond
our control, including: 
 adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions; 
 changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of debt financing; 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and costs of compliance therewith; 
 the ongoing cost of capital improvements that are not passed on to our customers, particularly in older structures; 
 changes in operating expenses; and 
 civil unrest, acts of war, terrorism and natural disasters, including fires, earthquakes, tropical storms, hurricanes, and floods, which may result in
uninsured and underinsured losses. 
 The risks associated with the illiquidity of real estate investments are
even greater for our data center properties. Our data centers are highly specialized real estate assets containing extensive electrical and mechanical systems that are uniquely designed to house and maintain our customers’ equipment, and, as
such, 
 have little, if any, traditional office space. As a result, most of our data centers are not suited for use by customers as anything other than as data centers and major renovations and
expenditures would be required in order for us to re-lease data center space for more traditional commercial or industrial uses, or for us to sell a property to a buyer for use other than as a data center. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 Maryland law provides that a director has no liability in the capacity as a director if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the
company’s best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. As permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law (“MGCL”), our charter limits the liability of
our directors and officers to the company and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was material to the cause of action
adjudicated. 
 In addition, our charter authorizes us to obligate the company, and our bylaws require us, to
indemnify our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, and we have entered
into indemnification agreements with our directors and expect to do so with certain of our executive officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist under
common law. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken by any of our directors or officers are immune or exculpated from, or indemnified against, liability but which impede our performance, our stockholders’ ability to recover damages from
that director or officer will be limited. 
 Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future with our operating partnership or its
partners. 
 Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our
affiliates, on the one hand, and our operating partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their direction of the management of our company.
At the same time, we, as trustee, have duties to CyrusOne GP which, in turn, as general partner of our operating partnership, has duties to our operating partnership and to the limited partners under Maryland law in connection with the management of
our operating partnership. Under Maryland law, the general partner of a Maryland limited partnership has fiduciary duties of care and loyalty, and an obligation of good faith, to the partnership and its partners. While these duties and obligations
cannot be eliminated entirely in the limited partnership agreement, Maryland law permits the parties to a limited partnership agreement to specify certain types or categories of activities that do not violate the general partner’s duty of
loyalty and to modify the duty of care and obligation of good faith, so long as such modifications are not unreasonable. These duties as general partner of our operating partnership to the partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the
interests of our company. Under the partnership agreement of our operating partnership, the limited partners of our operating partnership will expressly agree that the general partner of our operating partnership is acting for the benefit of the
operating partnership, the limited partners of our operating partnership and our stockholders, collectively. The general partner is under no obligation to give priority to the separate interests of the limited partners in deciding whether to cause
our operating partnership to take or decline to take any actions. If there is a conflict between the interests of us or our stockholders, on the one hand, and the interests of the limited partners of our operating partnership, on the other, the
partnership agreement of our operating partnership provides that any action or failure to act by the general partner that gives priority to the separate interests of us or our stockholders that does not result in a violation of the contractual
rights of the limited partners of our operating partnership under the partnership agreement will not violate the duties that the general partner owes to our operating partnership and its partners. 
 Additionally, the partnership agreement of our operating partnership expressly limits our
liability by providing that we and our directors, officers, agents and employees, will not be liable or accountable to our operating partnership or its partners for money damages. In addition, our operating partnership is required to indemnify us,
our directors, officers and employees, the general partner and its trustees, officers and employees, employees of our operating partnership and any other persons whom the general partner may designate from and against any and all claims arising from
operations of our operating partnership in which any indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise unless it is established that the act or omission of the indemnitee constituted fraud, intentional harm or
gross negligence on the part of the indemnitee, the claim is brought by the indemnitee (other than to enforce the indemnitee’s rights to indemnification or advance of expenses) or the indemnitee is found to be liable to our operating
partnership, and then only with respect to each such claim. 
 No reported decision of a Maryland appellate court has
interpreted provisions that are similar to the provisions of the partnership agreement of our operating partnership that modify the fiduciary duties of the general partner of our operating partnership, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel
regarding the enforceability of the provisions of the partnership agreement that purport to waive or modify the fiduciary duties and obligations of the general partner of our operating partnership. 
 As of January 24, 2013 CBI owned 8.6% of our outstanding shares of common stock and a majority of our operating partnership units and has the right to
nominate three directors. CBI’s interests may differ from or conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. 
 As of January 24, 2013 CBI owned 8.6% of our outstanding shares of common stock and 66.1% of our operating partnerships outstanding
operating partnership units, which, if exchanged for our common stock, would represent an additional approximately 60.4% interest in our common stock. The ownership of 8.6 % of our outstanding shares of common stock and, if acquired, the ownership
of additional shares of our common stock could permit CBI to have a significant impact on the result of any vote of our stockholders. In fact, if CBI were to acquire more than 50% of our outstanding shares of common stock it could elect our entire
board of directors and approve any matter submitted to our stockholders. In general, CBI’s interest in our operating partnership will entitle it to share in cash distributions from, and in the profits and losses of, our operating partnership in
proportion to its percentage ownership. In addition, the operating partnership agreement of our operating partnership grants CBI the right to nominate (i) if there is an even number of directors, 50% of the number of directors minus one; or
(ii) if there is an odd number of directors, 50% of the number of directors minus 0.5. If, in connection with a redemption request, a significant portion of CBI’s operating partnership units are exchanged for shares of our common stock,
CBI could have the ability to elect a majority of our directors. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the operating partnership agreement
of our operating partnership, subject to certain exceptions, as long as CBI and entities controlled by CBI own at least 20% of the outstanding operating partnership units of our operating partnership, CBI’s consent will be required in order for
the general partner to undertake certain actions, including: amending or terminating the partnership agreement of our operating partnership, transferring its general partnership interest or admitting an additional or successor general partner,
withdrawing as a general partner, approving on behalf of the operating partnership a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or instituting a proceeding for bankruptcy by our operating partnership, or approving on behalf of the operating
partnership a merger, consolidation or certain other change of control transactions. 
 As a result, CBI has the ability to
exercise significant influence over us, including with respect to decisions relating to our capital structure, issuing additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities, making distributions, incurring additional debt, making
acquisitions, selling properties or other assets, merging with other companies and undertaking other extraordinary transactions. In any of these matters, the interests of CBI may differ from or conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. 
 Our Chairman is the former President and Chief Executive Officer and is the current Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of CBI. In
addition, some of our directors and executive officers own common stock 
 of CBI, options and other instruments, the value of which is related to the value of common stock of CBI, which could create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest that could result in our
not acting on opportunities on which we would otherwise act. 
 Our Chairman is the former President and Chief Executive
Officer and is the current Vice Chairman of the board of directors of CBI. In addition, some of our directors and executive officers own a substantial amount of CBI common stock, options and other instruments, the value of which is related to the
value of common stock of CBI. The direct and indirect interests of our directors and executive officers in common stock of CBI, and us, could create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest with respect to decisions involving both us and CBI that
could have different implications for CBI than they do for us. These decisions could, for example, relate to: 
 disagreement over corporate opportunities; 
 competition between CBI and us; 
 management stock ownership; 
 employee retention or recruiting; 
 our distribution policy; and 
 the services and arrangements from which we benefit as a result of our relationship with CBI. 
 Potential conflicts of interest could also arise if we enter into any new commercial arrangements with CBI in the future, or if CBI
decides to compete with us in any of our product categories. Our directors and executive officers who have interests in both CBI and us may also face conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of their time between CBI and us. 
 As a result of any such conflicts of interest, we may be precluded from certain opportunities on which we would otherwise act, including
growth opportunities, which may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our charter and bylaws and
the partnership agreement of our operating partnership contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition of our common stock or a change in control. 
 Our charter and bylaws contain a number of provisions, the exercise or existence of which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our
stockholders or otherwise be in their best interests, including the following: 
 . In order for us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50% of
the value of outstanding shares of our stock may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year other than the first year for which we elect to be taxed as a REIT. Subject
to certain exceptions, our charter prohibits any stockholder from owning beneficially or constructively more than 9.8% in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or 9.8% in value of
the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our stock. We refer to these restrictions collectively as the “ownership limits.” The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause the outstanding
stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8% of our outstanding common stock or the outstanding shares of all classes or
series of our stock by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity or another individual or entity to own constructively in excess of the relevant ownership limits. Our charter also prohibits any person from owning shares of our
stock that would result in our being “closely held” under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock or of any of our other capital stock in
violation of these restrictions may result in the shares being automatically transferred to a charitable trust or may be void. 
 Our Charter Contains Restrictions on the Ownership and Transfer of Our Stock 
 These ownership limits may prevent a third-party from acquiring control of us if our board of directors does not grant an exemption from the ownership limits, even if our stockholders believe the
change in control is in their best interests. Our board of directors has granted CBI exemptions from the ownership limits applicable to other holders of our common stock, subject to certain initial and ongoing conditions designed to protect our
status as a REIT, including the receipt of an IRS private letter ruling or an opinion of counsel from a nationally recognized law firm that the exercise of any such exemption should not cause any rent payable by CBI to jeopardize our REIT status. 
 . Our charter
authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of our shares of stock or the
number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As
a result, our board of directors may establish a series of shares of common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our shares of common stock or otherwise be in the
best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our Board of Directors Has the Power to Cause Us to Issue Additional Shares of Our Stock without Stockholder Approval 
 Provisions in the partnership agreement of our operating partnership
also may delay, or make more difficult, a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our stockholders or otherwise be in their best interests. These provisions include, among others: 
 redemption rights of CBI; 
 rights of certain holders of operating partnership units of our operating partnership, including CBI and its controlled entities, to approve certain
change of control transactions involving us, which rights apply at any time that CBI and its controlled entities own at least 20% of the outstanding shares of our common stock (assuming all outstanding operating partnership units, excluding
operating partnership units held by us or the general partner, have been exchanged for shares of our common stock); 
 transfer restrictions on operating partnership units; and 
 the right of CyrusOne GP, as general partner, in some cases, to amend the partnership agreement of our operating partnership and to cause the operating
partnership to issue partnership interests with terms that could delay, defer or prevent a merger or other change of control of us or our operating partnership without the consent of the limited partners. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third-party to acquire control of us. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from acquiring us or of impeding a change of control under
circumstances that otherwise could provide our common stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: 
 provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between an
“interested stockholder” (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of our outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year
period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder and us for five years after the most recent
date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes two super-majority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 “business combination” 
 provisions that provide that holders of “control shares” of our company (defined as voting shares of
stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned or controlled by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in 
 “control share” 
 electing directors) acquired in a “control share acquisition” (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding “control shares”) have no voting rights
except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 Pursuant to the Maryland Business Combination Act, our board of directors has by resolution exempted from the provisions of the Maryland
Business Combination Act business combinations (i) between CBI or its affiliates and us and (ii) between any other person and us, provided that such business combination is first approved by our board of directors (including a majority of
our directors who are not affiliates or associates of such person). Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. There can be no assurance
that these exemptions or resolutions will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Additionally, Title 3,
Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, such as a classified board, some of which we do not
have. 
 We assumed liabilities in connection with the formation transactions, including unknown liabilities. 
 As part of the formation transactions, we assumed existing liabilities of the data center business of CBI, including, but not limited to,
liabilities in connection with our properties, some of which may be unknown or unquantifiable. Unknown liabilities might include liabilities for cleanup or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions, claims of tenants, vendors or other
persons dealing with the entities, tax liabilities, and accrued but unpaid liabilities whether incurred in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. In connection with the formation transactions, the Contributors have made certain limited
representations and warranties to us regarding potential material adverse impacts on the properties and entities acquired by us in the formation transactions and agreed to indemnify us with respect to claims for breaches of those representations and
warranties brought by us within one year of the completion of the formation transactions. However, such indemnification generally is limited to 10% of the consideration paid to CBI and its affiliates in the formation transactions and, with respect
to issues at any particular property, 10% of the consideration paid to CBI and its affiliates with respect to such property, and is subject to a 1% deductible. Accordingly, such indemnification may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities assumed,
and we are not entitled to indemnification from any other sources in connection with the formation transactions. In addition, because many liabilities, including tax liabilities, may not be identified within such period, we may have no recourse
against the Contributors for these liabilities. 
 Risks Related to Status as a REIT 
 If we do not qualify as a REIT or we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular corporation and
could face a substantial tax liability, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We intend to continue to operate in a manner that will allow us to qualify as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2013. We have received an opinion of our special REIT tax
counsel (“Special Tax Counsel”), with respect to our qualification as a REIT in connection with our initial public offering. Investors should be aware, however, that opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS or any court. The opinion
of Special Tax Counsel represents only the view of Special Tax Counsel based on its review and analysis of existing law and on certain representations as to factual matters and covenants made by us, including representations relating to the values
of our assets and the sources of our income. The opinion is expressed as of the date issued. Special Tax Counsel will have no obligation to advise us or the holders of our common stock of any subsequent change in the matters stated, represented or
assumed or of any subsequent change in applicable law. Furthermore, both the validity of the opinion of Special Tax Counsel and our qualification as a REIT will 
 depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis, the results of which will not be monitored
by Special Tax Counsel. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain
independent appraisals. 
 We have received a private letter ruling from the IRS with respect to certain issues relevant to our
qualification as a REIT. In general, the ruling provides, subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, that certain structural components of our properties (e.g., relating to the provision of electricity, heating, ventilation and air
conditioning, regulation of humidity, security and fire protection, and telecommunication services) and intangible assets, and certain services that we or CBI may provide, directly or through subsidiaries, to our tenants, will not adversely affect
our qualification as a REIT. Although we may generally rely upon the ruling, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge our qualification as a REIT on the basis of other issues or facts outside the scope of the ruling. 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable
alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would
reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our common stock. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified
from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 Qualifying
as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application
of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our qualification as a REIT will depend on our
satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT may depend in part on the actions of
third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 Income from “qualified dividends” payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is generally subject to
tax at preferential rates. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential rates. Although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation of REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate
qualified dividends, could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely
affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock. 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to
execute our business plan. 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined
without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, in order for us to qualify as a REIT (assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied) so that U.S. federal corporate income tax does not apply to
earnings that we distribute. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement and qualify for taxation as a REIT but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and
including any net capital gains, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed net taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if 
 the actual amount that we distribute to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our
stockholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. 
 From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than
our cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. If
we do not have other funds available in these situations, we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell assets at disadvantageous prices or distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions to make
distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or
reduce our equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Even if we remain qualified as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. 
 Even if we remain qualified for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income and state or
local income, property and transfer taxes. For example, in order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, we may hold some of our assets or conduct certain of our activities through one or more TRSs or other subsidiary corporations that will be
subject to federal, state, and local corporate-level income taxes as regular C corporations. In addition, we may incur a 100% excise tax on transactions with a TRS if they are not conducted on an arm’s length basis. Any of these taxes would
decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to liquidate or forgo
otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at
least 75% of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and “real estate assets” (as defined in the Code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. The remainder of our investments (other than
government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a TRS) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of
any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5% of the value of our total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a TRS) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more
than 25% of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar
quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. These actions could
have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 In addition to the asset
tests set forth above, to continue to qualify as a REIT we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. We may be unable to
pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make certain
attractive investments. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax
liabilities. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our assets and liabilities. Any
income from a hedging transaction that we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets does not constitute “gross income” for 
 purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests that apply to REITs, provided that certain identification requirements are met. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions
or fail to properly identify such transaction as a hedge, the income is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of the gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may be required to limit our use of advantageous
hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRS may be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would
otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in our TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit, except that such losses could theoretically be carried back or forward against past or future taxable income in the TRS. 
 CBI may in the future acquire a significant percentage of our stock, which may result in a penalty tax if it causes certain rents we receive to be
non-qualifying rents for purposes of the REIT requirements 
 As described above, as of
January 24, 2013, CBI owned approximately 8.6% of our common stock and a majority of our operating partnership’s operating partnership units. In certain circumstances, CBI may be able to exchange those units for shares of our common stock,
and any such exchange may result in CBI owning a significant percentage of our common stock. We have granted CBI a waiver of the ownership restrictions contained in our charter, subject to certain initial and ongoing conditions designed to protect
our status as a REIT, including the receipt of an IRS private letter ruling or an opinion of counsel from a nationally recognized law firm that the exercise of any such exemption should not cause any rent payable by CBI to jeopardize our REIT
status. Such an opinion of counsel or a private letter ruling will be based on certain facts and assumptions, which, if incorrect, could result in certain rents we receive being treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of the REIT requirements.
An opinion of counsel is not binding on the IRS or a court, so there can be no certainty that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reflected in the opinion or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. Even if we have reasonable cause
for a failure to meet the REIT income tests as a result of receiving non-qualifying rental income, we would nonetheless be required to pay a penalty tax in order to retain our REIT status. 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on us. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the
“Treasury”). Changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect our investors or us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors
or us. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to our investors and us of such
qualification. 
 Risks Related to our Debt and Equity Securities 
 Our cash available for distribution to stockholders may not be sufficient to make distributions at expected levels, and we may need to borrow in order to make such distributions; consequently, we may
not be able to make such distributions in full. 
 If cash available for distribution generated by our assets is less than
our estimate or if such cash available for distribution decreases in future periods from expected levels, our inability to make the expected distributions could result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock. Distributions made by us
will be authorized and determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion out of funds legally available therefor and will be dependent upon a number of factors, including restrictions under applicable law and our capital requirements. We
may not be able to make or sustain distributions in the future. To the extent that we decide to make distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, such distributions would generally be considered a return of capital
for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of the holder’s adjusted tax basis 
 in their shares. A return of capital is not taxable, but it has the effect of reducing the holder’s adjusted tax basis in its investment. To the extent that distributions exceed the adjusted
tax basis of a holder’s shares, they will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such stock. If we borrow to fund distributions, our future interest costs would increase, thereby reducing our earnings and cash available for
distribution from what they otherwise would have been. 
 Future offerings of debt, which would be senior to our common stock upon
liquidation, and/or preferred equity securities which may be senior to our common stock for purposes of distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities,
including medium-term notes, trust preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and preferred stock. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive
distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Holders of our common stock are
not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Our preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on distribution payments that could limit our ability to make a
distribution to the holders of our common stock. Since our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our
future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their stock holdings in us. 
 Increases in market interest rates may cause potential investors to seek higher dividend yields and therefore reduce demand for our common stock and result in a decline in our stock price. 
 One of the factors that may influence the price of our common stock is the dividend yield on our common stock (the amount
of dividends as a percentage of the price of our common stock) relative to market interest rates. An increase in market interest rates, which are currently at low levels relative to historical rates, may lead prospective purchasers of our common
stock to expect a higher dividend yield, which we may be unable or choose not to provide. Higher interest rates would likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease the cash available for distribution. Thus, higher market interest
rates could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 The number of shares available for future sale could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. 
 We cannot predict whether future issuances of shares of our common stock or the
availability of shares of our common stock for resale in the open market will decrease the market price per share of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, either by us or by holders of
operating partnership units upon exchange of such operating partnership units for our common stock, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect the market price of the shares of our common stock. CBI, as a holder of the
operating partnership units issued in the formation transactions, will have the right to require us to register with the SEC the resale of the common stock issuable, if we so elect, upon redemption of these operating partnership units. CBI is
restricted from exercising its redemption rights prior to the first anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering. In addition, we registered shares of common stock that we have reserved for issuance under our 2012 Long Term Incentive
Plan, and they can generally be freely sold in the public market, assuming any applicable restrictions and vesting requirements are satisfied. In addition, except as described in connection with our initial public offering, we, CBI and our directors
and executive officers agreed with the underwriters of our initial public offering not to offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into our common stock
(including operating partnership units) for a period of 180 days, with respect to us and our directors and 
 executive officers, and 12 months, with respect to CBI, after the completion of our initial public offering; however, these lock-up agreements are subject to numerous exceptions and the
representatives of the underwriters may waive these lock-up provisions without notice. If any or all of these holders cause a large number of their shares to be sold in the public market, the sales could reduce the trading price of our common stock
and could impede our ability to raise future capital. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile. 
 Prior to the completion of our initial public offering, there was not any public market for our common stock. Even if an
active trading market develops for our common stock, the market price of our common stock may be volatile. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our
common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at a profit or at all. We cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. 
 Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price of our common stock or result in fluctuations in the price or trading
volume of our common stock include: 
 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations or distributions; 
 changes in our funds from operations or earnings estimates; 
 publication of research reports about us or the real estate, technology or data center industries; 
 increases in market interest rates that may cause purchasers of our shares to demand a higher yield; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 adverse market reaction to any additional debt we may incur in the future; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 actions by institutional stockholders; 
 speculation in the press or investment community about our company or industry or the economy in general; 
 the occurrence of any of the other risk factors presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; and 
 general market and economic conditions. 
 Our earnings and cash distributions will affect the market price of shares of our common stock. 
 We believe that the market value of a REIT’s equity securities is based primarily upon market perception of the REIT’s growth potential and its current and potential future cash distributions,
whether from operations, sales, acquisitions, development or refinancing, and is secondarily based upon the value of the underlying assets. For these reasons, shares of our common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than the net asset
value per share. To the extent we retain operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes rather than distributing the cash flow to stockholders, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our
underlying assets, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. Our failure to meet market expectations with regard to future earnings and cash distributions would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS