PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM 
 ACT OF 1995 
 SAFE HARBOR 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 This Annual Report on Form 
 10-K, 
 including exhibits, contains statements that are not based on historical facts and represent forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that U.S. Cellular intends, expects, projects, believes, estimates, plans or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking state 
 ments. 
 The words “believes,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “projects” and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them. 
 Such forward-lookin 
 g statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking s 
 tatements. 
 Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include those set forth below under “Risk Factors” in this Form 
 10-K.  Each of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of o 
 perations; h 
 owever, such factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this doc 
 ument. 
 Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on future results, performance or achievements. 
 U.S. Cellular undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new inf 
 ormation, future events or otherwise. 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 
 10-K to understand the material risks relating to U.S. Cellular’s business. 
 Risk Factors 
 Competition in the wireless industry is intense and is expected to intensify in the future due 
 to multiple wireless industry factors such as increasing market penetration, decreasing customer churn rates, introduction of new products, new competitors and changing prices. 
 There is competition in pricing; handsets and other devices; network quality, 
 coverage, speed and technologies; distribution; new entrants; and other categories.  In particular, wireless competition includes aggressive promotional pricing to induce customers to switch carriers, which could result in switching activity and churn; da 
 ta network speed is a competitive differentiator; and there has been a resurgence of new entrants to wireless markets including prepaid brands that have been purchased by national carriers. 
 U.S. Cellular’s ability to compete effectively will depend, in pa 
 rt, on its ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the telecommunications industry. 
 U.S. Cellular anticipates that competition will continue to cause the prices for products and services to decline and the costs to compe 
 te to increase. 
 Most of U.S. Cellular’s competitors are national or global telecommunications companies that are larger than U.S. Cellular, possess greater financial and other resources, possess more extensive coverage areas and more spectrum within their 
 coverage areas, and market other services with their communications services that U.S. Cellular does not offer. 
 Further, other companies that currently are less competitive may also add more efficient low-band spectrum to become more competitive in U.S. 
 Cellular’s primary markets.  In particular, to the extent that existing competitors or new entrants acquire low-band (600 MHz) spectrum in FCC Auction 1002 in U.S. Cellular markets, U.S. Cellular could face increased competition over time from competitors 
 which hold more efficient low-band spectrum.  In addition, U.S. Cellular may face competition from technologies that may be introduced in the future. 
 New technologies, services and products that are more commercially effective than the technologies, servi 
 ces and products offered by U.S. Cellular may be developed. 
 Further, new technologies may be proprietary such that U.S. Cellular is not able to adopt such technologies. 
 There can be no assurance that U.S. Cellular will be able to compete successfully in 
 this environment. 
 Sources of competition to U.S. Cellular’s business typically include two to four competing wireless telecommunications service providers in each market, wireline telecommunications service providers, cable companies, resellers (including 
 MVNO), and providers of other alternate telecommunications services. 
 Many of U.S. Cellular’s wireless competitors and other competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources than U.S. Cel 
 lular. 
 If U.S. Cellular does not adapt to compete effectively in such a highly competitive environment, such competitive factors could result in product, service, pricing or cost disadvantages and could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, f 
 inancial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular is a regional wireless carrier, but competes primarily against much larger national wireless carriers with much greater resources.  Its business strategy in a 
 ttempting to attract and retain wireless customers through a value proposition comprised of a high-quality network, outstanding customer service, and competitive devices, plans and pricing, all provided with a local focus has not resulted in, and in the fu 
 ture may not result in, performance that achieves returns in line with or above its cost of capital.  U.S. Cellular’s current forecast indicates that U.S. Cellular will not achieve a return on capital that exceeds its cost of capital in the foreseeable fut 
 ure.  U.S. Cellular also might be unable to adopt technologies, products and services as fast as its larger competitors.  As a result, consumers who are eager to adopt new technologies, products and services more quickly may select U.S. Cellular’s competit 
 ors rather than U.S. Cellular as their service provider.  To the extent that U.S. Cellular does not attract or retain these types of customers, U.S. Cellular could be at a competitive disadvantage and have a customer base that generates lower profit margin 
 s relative to its competition. 
 The successful execution of strategy and optimal capital allocation decisions depend on various internal and external factors, many of which are not in U.S. Cellular’s control. 
 U.S. Cellular’s ability to achieve projected fi 
 nancial results by implementing and executing its business strategy and optimally allocating its assets and capital could be affected by such factors. 
 Such factors include but are not limited to pricing practices by competitors, relative scale, purchasing 
 power, roaming and other strategic agreements, wireless device availability, timing of introduction of wireless devices, access to spectrum, emerging technologies and other factors. 
 In addition, there is no assurance that U.S. Cellular’s strategy will be 
 successful. 
 Even if U.S. Cellular executes its business strategy as intended, such strategy may not be successful in the long term at achieving growth in customers, revenues, net income, or generating a return on capital greater than U.S. Cellular’s cost 
 of capital.  A failure by U.S. Cellular to execute its business strategy successfully or to allocate resources or capital optimally could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s wireless business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular operates a capital-intensive business.  U.S. Cellular has used internally-generated funds and also has obtained substantial funds from external sources for general corporate purposes.  In the past, U.S. Cellular’ 
 s existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its revolving credit facilities, funds from other financing sources, including a term loan and other long-term debt, and cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, including 
 sales of assets or businesses, provided sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for U.S. Cellular to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements, to finance the build-out and enhancement of markets and to fund acquisiti 
 ons.  There is no assurance that this will be the case in the future. 
 It may be necessary from time to time to increase the size of the existing revolving credit facility, to put in place new credit facilities, or to obtain other forms of financing in ord 
 er to fund potential expenditures.  U.S. Cellular’s liquidity would be adversely affected if, among other things, U.S. Cellular is unable to obtain short or long-term financing on acceptable terms, U.S. Cellular makes spectrum license purchases in FCC auct 
 ions or from other parties, the LA Partnership discontinues or reduces distributions compared to prior historical levels and/or 
 Eligible Telecommunications Carrier 
 (“ETC”) and/or other regulatory support payments decline.  In addition, although sales of as 
 sets or businesses by U.S. Cellular have been an important source of liquidity for U.S. Cellular in recent periods, U.S. Cellular does not expect a similar level of such sales in the future, which will reduce a source of liquidity for U.S. Cellular. 
 In re 
 cent years, U.S. Cellular’s credit rating has declined to sub-investment grade.  In certain recent periods, U.S. Cellular has incurred negative free cash flow (defined as Cash flows from operating activities less Cash paid for additions to property, plant 
 and equipment) and this will continue in the future if operating results do not improve or if capital expenditures do not decrease.  U.S. Cellular 
 currently expects to have negative free cash flow in 2017.  U.S. Cellular 
 may require substantial additional 
 capital for, among other uses, funding day-to-day operating needs, working capital, acquisitions of providers of wireless telecommunications services, spectrum license or system acquisitions, system development and network capacity expansion, debt service 
 requirements, the repurchase of shares, or making additional investments.  There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will continue to be available to U.S. Cellular or its subsidiaries on terms or at prices acceptable to U.S. Cellular.  Insufficient c 
 ash flows from operating activities, changes in its credit ratings, defaults of the terms of debt or credit agreements, uncertainty of access to capital, deterioration in the capital markets, reduced regulatory capital at banks which in turn limits their a 
 bility to borrow and lend, other changes in the performance of U.S. Cellular or in market conditions or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to U.S. Cellular, which could require U.S. Cellular t 
 o reduce its acquisition, capital expenditure and business development programs 
 , reduce the acquisition of spectrum licenses, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases 
 .  U.S. Cellular cannot provide assurances that circumstances that could have a material a 
 dverse effect on its liquidity or capital resources will not occur.  Any of the foregoing would have an adverse impact on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular has a significant amount of indebtedness and may 
 need to incur additional indebtedness.  U.S. Cellular’s level of indebtedness could have important consequences.  For example, it (i) may limit U.S. Cellular’s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corp 
 orate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to its debt securities by rating organizations are revised downward; (ii) will require U.S. Cellular to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to the payment of interest and prin 
 cipal on its debt, reducing the funds available to U.S. Cellular for other purposes including expansion through acquisitions, capital expenditures, marketing spending and expansion of its business; and (iii) may limit U.S. Cellular’s flexibility to adjust 
 to changing business and market conditions and make U.S. Cellular more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions as compared to U.S. Cellular’s competitors.  U.S. Cellular’s ability to make scheduled payments on its indebtedness or to refinan 
 ce it will depend on its financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and other factors beyond its control.  In addition, U.S. Cellular’s leverage may put it at a competitive disadvantage 
 to some of its competitors that are not as leveraged.  U.S. Cellular’s revolving credit facility and the U.S. Cellular term loan facility require U.S. Cellular to comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenant 
 s.  Depending on actual financial performance of U.S. Cellular, there is a risk that U.S. Cellular could fail to satisfy the required financial covenants.  If U.S. Cellular breaches a financial or other covenant of any of these agreements, it would result 
 in a default under that agreement, and could involve a cross-default under other debt instruments.  This could in turn cause the affected lenders to accelerate the repayment of principal and accrued interest on any outstanding debt under such agreements an 
 d, if they choose, terminate the facility.  If appropriate, U.S. Cellular may request the applicable lender for an amendment of financial covenants in the U.S. Cellular revolving credit facility and the U.S. Cellular term loan facility, in order to provide 
 additional financial flexibility to U.S. Cellular, and may also seek other changes to such facilities.  There is no assurance that the lenders will agree to any amendments.  If the lenders agree to amendments, this may result in additional payments or hig 
 her interest rates payable to the lenders and/or additional restrictions.  Restrictions in such debt instruments may limit U.S. Cellular’s operating and financial flexibility. 
 As a result, U.S. Cellular’s level of indebtedness, restrictions contained in d 
 ebt instruments and/or possible breaches of covenants, defaults, and acceleration of indebtedness could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition, revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 U.S. Cellular’s service revenues include roaming revenues related to the use of U.S. Cellular’s network by other carriers’ cu 
 stomers who travel within U.S. Cellular’s coverage areas. 
 Changes in the network footprints of carriers due to mergers, acquisitions or network expansions could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s roaming revenues. 
 For example, consolidation among 
 other carriers which have network footprints that currently overlap U.S. Cellular’s network could decrease the amount of roaming revenues for U.S. Cellular. 
 Similarly, U.S. Cellular's customers can access another carrier’s digital system automatically only 
 if the other carrier allows U.S. Cellular's customers to roam on its network. 
 U.S. Cellular relies on roaming agreements with other carriers to provide roaming capability to its customers in areas of the U.S. and internationally outside of its service ar 
 eas, including Mexico and Canada, and to improve coverage within 
 selected areas of U.S. Cellular's network footprint. 
 Such agreements cover traditional voice services as well as data services. 
 Although U.S. Cellular currently has long-term roaming agreem 
 ents with certain other carriers, these agreements generally are subject to renewal and termination if certain events occur. 
 FCC rules 
 and orders impose certain requirements on wireless carriers to offer certain roaming arrangements to other carriers. 
 wever, carriers frequently disagree on what is required. 
 Although U.S. Cellular has entered into 4G LTE roaming agreements with national carriers, 
 there is no assurance that U.S. Cellular will be able to maintain these agreements and/or enter into new agr 
 eements with other carriers to provide roaming services using 4G LTE or other technologies or that it will be able to do so on reasonable or cost-effective terms. 
 Some competitors may be able to obtain lower roaming rates than U.S. Cellular is able to obta 
 in because they have larger call volumes or may be able to reduce roaming charges by providing service principally over their own networks. 
 In addition, the quality of service that a wireless carrier delivers during a roaming call may be inferior to the q 
 uality of service U.S. Cellular provides, the price of a roaming call may not be competitive with prices of other wireless carriers for such call, and U.S. Cellular’s customers may not be able to use some of the advanced features, such as voicemail notific 
 ation or data applications, that U.S. Cellular’s customers enjoy when making calls on U.S. Cellular’s network. 
 U.S. Cellular’s rate of adoption of new technologies, such as those enabling high-speed data and voice services, could affect its ability to ent 
 er into or maintain roaming agreements with other carriers. 
 In addition, U.S. Cellular’s wireless technology may not be compatible with technologies used by other carriers, which may limit the ability of U.S. Cellular to enter into voice or data roaming a 
 greements with such other carriers. 
 Carriers whose customers roam on U.S. Cellular’s network could switch their business to new operators or, over time, to their own networks. 
 Changes in roaming usage patterns, rates for roaming minutes or data usage or 
 relationships with carriers whose customers generate roaming minutes or data use on U.S. Cellular’s network could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s revenues and revenue growth.  Further, other carriers could negotiate higher roaming rates for acces 
 sing their networks, resulting in increased roaming expense for U.S. Cellular. 
 To the extent that other carriers expand their networks in U.S. Cellular’s service areas, the roaming arrangements between U.S. Cellular and these other carriers could become le 
 ss strategic for them. 
 That is, these other carriers will have fewer or less extensive geographic areas where roaming services are required by their customers and, as a result, the roaming arrangements could become less critical to serving their customer 
 base. 
 This presents a risk to U.S. Cellular in that, to the extent U.S. Cellular is not able to enter into economically viable roaming arrangements with these other carriers, this could impact U.S. Cellular’s ability to service its customers in geographic 
 areas where U.S. Cellular does not have its own network. 
 If U.S. Cellular’s roaming revenues decline, roaming expenses increase, or if U.S. Cellular is unable to obtain or maintain roaming agreements with other carriers that contain pricing and other term 
 s that are competitive and acceptable to U.S. Cellular, and that satisfy U.S. Cellular’s quality and interoperability requirements, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 U.S. Cellula 
 r’s business depends on the ability to use portions of the radio spectrum licensed by the FCC. 
 U.S. Cellular could fail to obtain access to sufficient spectrum capacity in new or existing critical markets, whether through FCC auctions or other transaction 
 s, in order to meet the anticipated spectrum requirements associated with increased demand for existing services, especially increases in customer demand for data services, and to enable deployment of next-generation services. 
 U.S. Cellular believes that 
 this increased demand for data services reflects a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future.  However, U.S. Cellular could fail to accurately forecast its future spectrum requirements considering changes in customer usage patterns, technology re 
 quirements and the expanded demands of new services.  Such a failure could have an adverse impact on the quality of U.S. Cellular’s services or U.S. Cellular’s ability to roll out such future services in some markets, or could require that U.S. Cellular cu 
 rtail existing services in order to make spectrum available for next-generation services. 
 Spectrum constrained providers could be effectively capped in increasing market share. 
 As spectrum constrained providers gain customers, they use up their network c 
 apacity.  Since they lack spectrum, they can respond to demand only by adding cell sites, which is capital intensive, adds fixed operating costs, is limited by zoning considerations, and ultimately may not be cost effective. 
 U.S. Cellular may acquire acc 
 ess to spectrum through a number of alternatives, including acquisitions, exchanges and participation in spectrum auctions. 
 U.S. Cellular may participate in spectrum auctions conducted by the FCC in the future. 
 As required by law, the FCC has conducted a 
 uctions for licenses to use some parts of the radio spectrum. 
 The decision to conduct auctions, and the determination of what spectrum frequencies will be made available for auction and the determination of geographic size of licenses, are made by the FCC 
 pursuant to laws that it administers. 
 The FCC may not be able to allocate spectrum sufficient to meet the demands of all those wishing to obtain licenses for new market entry or to expand their spectrum holdings to meet the expanding demand for data serv 
 ices or to address other spectrum constraints. 
 Due to factors such as geographic size of licenses and auction bidders that may raise prices beyond acceptable levels, U.S. Cellular may not be successful in FCC auctions in obtaining access to the spectrum t 
 hat it believes is necessary to implement its business and technology strategies. 
 In addition, newly auctioned spectrum may not be compatible with existing spectrum, and vendors may not create suitable products to use such spectrum. 
 Further, access to 
 spectrum licenses won in FCC auctions may not be available on a timely basis. 
 Such access is dependent upon the FCC actually granting licenses won, which can be delayed for various reasons. 
 Furthermore, newly licensed spectrum may not be available for im 
 mediate use since the radio operations of incumbent users, including in some cases government agencies, may need to be relocated to other portions of the radio spectrum, and/or the newly licensed spectrum may be subject to sharing and coordination obligati 
 ons for a period of time. 
 U.S. Cellular also may seek to acquire radio spectrum through purchases and exchanges with other spectrum licensees. 
 However, U.S. Cellular may not be able to acquire sufficient spectrum through these types of transactions, and 
 U.S. Cellular may not be able to complete any of these transactions on favorable terms. 
 From time to time, the FCC conducts auctions through which additional spectrum is made available for the provision of wireless services. 
 U.S. Cellul 
 ar has participated in such auctions in the past and may participate in other auctions conducted by the FCC in the future.  FCC anti-collusion rules 
 place certain restrictions on business communications and disclosures by participants in an FCC auction. 
 hese anti-collusion rules 
 may restrict the normal conduct of U.S. Cellular’s business, U.S. Cellular’s acquisition, divestiture, exchange and other corporate development activity and/or disclosures by U.S. Cellular relating to an FCC auction 
 .  The restrict 
 ions could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As a result of its application to participate in 
 the FCC’s forward auction of 600 MHz spectrum licenses, referred to as 
 Auction 1002 
 , since Februar 
 y 10, 2016 
 , U.S. Cellular has been subject to FCC anti-collusion rules that place certain restrictions on public disclosures and business communications with other companies relating to U.S. Cellular’s participation. 
 As a result of the FCC’s announcement 
 of U.S. Cellular as a qualified bidder on July 15, 2016, t 
 hese restrictions will continue until the down payment deadline for Auction 1002, which will be ten business days after release of the FCC’s Channel Reassignment Public Notice, following the end of 
 the auction.  These anti-collusion rules may restrict the conduct of certain U.S. Cellular activities with other auction applicants as well as with nationwide providers of wireless services which are not applicants.  The restrictions could have an adverse 
 effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 See Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, under “Regulatory Matters – FCC Auction 1002” for 
 a summary of U.S. Cellular’s participation in 
 Auction 1002. 
 U.S. Cellular’s operations are subject to varyin 
 g degrees of regulation by the FCC, state public utility commissions and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies. 
 Changes in the administration of the various regulatory agencies and legislative bodies could result in dif 
 ferent policies with respect to many federal laws and regulations, including but not limited to changes to fiscal and tax policies, which may include comprehensive tax reform.  New or amended regulatory requirements could increase U.S. Cellular’s costs and 
 divert resources from other initiatives. 
 Adverse decisions, increased regulation, or changes to existing regulation by regulatory bodies could negatively impact U.S. Cellular’s operations by, among other things, changing the amount that can be charged fo 
 r local, intrastate or interstate access rates, increasing U.S. Cellular’s costs of doing business, permitting greater competition or limiting U.S. Cellular’s ability to engage in certain sales or marketing activities. 
 New regulatory mandates or enforceme 
 nt may require unexpected or increased capital expenditures, lost revenues, higher operating expenses or other changes. 
 Court decisions and rulemakings could have a substantial impact on U.S. Cellular’s operations, including rulemakings on intercarrier ac 
 cess compensation and state and federal universal service. 
 Litigation and different objectives among federal and state regulators could create uncertainty and delay U.S. Cellular’s ability to respond to new regulations. 
 Further, wireless licenses are sub 
 ject to renewal by the FCC and could be revoked in the event of a violation of applicable laws or regulatory requirements.  Also, FCC rules relating to net neutrality, broadband consumer privacy and other rules may result in additional costs for compliance 
 and may limit opportunities to derive profits from certain business practices or resources, if not amended or rescinded. 
 U.S. Cellular attempts to timely and fully comply with all regulatory requirements.  However, U.S. Cellular is unable to predict the f 
 uture actions of the various legislative and regulatory bodies that govern U.S. Cellular, but such actions could have adverse effects on U.S. Cellular’s business. 
 Any failure by U.S. Cellular to timely or fully comply with any regulatory requirements coul 
 d adversely affect U.S. Cellular’s financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 For additional information about U.S. Cellular’s regulatory environment, see Risk Factor Number 15 below and “Regulatory Matters” in Exhibit 13 to this 
 Form 10-K. 
 U.S. Cellular’s business is highly technical and competition for skilled talent in the wireless industry is aggressive. 
 Due to competition for qualified management, technical, sales and other personn 
 el, there can be no assurance that U.S. Cellular will be able to continue to attract and/or retain people of outstanding potential for the development of its business. 
 The loss of the services of existing key personnel as well as the failure to recruit ad 
 ditional qualified personnel in a timely manner could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular’s assets and revenue streams are concentrated in the U.S. wireless telecommunications industry. 
 The U.S. wireless telecommunications indu 
 stry is facing significant change and an uncertain operating environment. 
 U.S. Cellular’s focus on the U.S. wireless telecommunications industry, together with its positioning relative to larger competitors with greater resources within the industry, may 
 represent increased risk for investors due to the lack of diversification. 
 This could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s ability to attain and sustain long-term, profitable revenue growth and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial 
 condition or results of operations. 
 There has been a trend in the telecommunications and related industries in recent years towards consolidation of service providers through acquisitions, reorganizations and joint ventures. 
 his trend could continue, leading to larger competitors over time. 
 U.S. Cellular has smaller scale efficiencies compared to larger competitors. 
 U.S. Cellular may be unable to compete successfully with larger companies that have substantially greater fina 
 ncial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources or that offer more services than U.S. Cellular, which could adversely affect U.S. Cellular’s revenues and costs of doing business. 
 Specifically, U.S. Cellular’s smaller scale relati 
 ve to most of its competitors could have the following impacts, among others: 
 U.S. Cellular’s business increasingly depends on access to content for data and access to new wireless devices being developed by vendors. 
 U.S. Cellular’s ability 
 to obtain such access depends in part on other parties. 
 If U.S. Cellular is unable to obtain timely access to new content or wireless devices being developed by vendors, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affecte 
 As a result of the foregoing, U.S. Cellular’s smaller scale relative to larger competitors could adversely affect U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in any of several factors 
 could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 The telecommunications industry is experiencing significant changes in technologies and services expected by customers, as evidenced by evolving industry standards, ongoing improvement 
 s in the capacity and quality of digital technology, shorter development cycles for new services and products, and enhancements and changes in end-user requirements and preferences. 
 Widespread deployment of new technologies could cause the technology used 
 on U.S. Cellular’s wireless networks to become less competitive or obsolete. 
 Further, fixed-mobile convergence services that combine wireline broadband services with mobile services represent a competitive threat.  If the trend toward convergence continu 
 es, U.S. Cellular is at a competitive disadvantage to larger competitors, including the national wireless carriers and other potential large new entrants with much greater financial and other resources in adapting to such convergence.  Future technological 
 changes or advancements may enable other wireless technologies to equal or exceed U.S. Cellular’s current levels of service and render its system infrastructure obsolete. 
 For example, the timing, cost, and availability of CDMA enabled devices and other C 
 DMA ecosystem support needs may inhibit U.S. Cellular’s ability to maintain 3G wireless voice services until it is fully replaced by VoLTE.  U.S. Cellular may not be able to respond to such changes and implement new technology on a timely or cost-effective 
 basis, which could reduce its revenues or increase its costs of doing business. 
 If U.S. Cellular cannot keep pace with these technological changes or other changes in the telecommunications industry over time, its financial condition, results of operatio 
 ns or ability to do business could be adversely affected. 
 U.S. 
 Cellular has completed the transition to 4G LTE and has implemented 4G LTE roaming agreements with national carriers.  U.S. Cellular will begin commercial deployment of VoLTE in early 2017 and has begun testing 5G technology.  Transition to new technologie 
 s involves significant time and cost.  Furthermore, the wireless business experiences rapid technology changes and new services and products.  If U.S. Cellular fails to effectively deploy new wireless technologies, services or products on a timely basis, t 
 his could have an adverse impact on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, it is not certain that U.S. Cellular’s investments in various new, unproven technologies and service and product offerings will be eff 
 ective.  The markets for some of these services, products and solutions may still be emerging and the overall potential for these markets may be uncertain.  If customer demand for these new services, products and solutions does not develop as expected,  U. 
 S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Telecommunications companies may be designated by states, or in some cases by 
 the FCC, as an ETC to receive universal service support 
 payments if they provide specified services in “high cost” areas.  U.S. Cellular has been designated as an ETC in certain states and received 
 illion 
 in high cost suppo 
 rt for service to high cost areas in 201 
 In 2011, the FCC released an order (“Reform Order”) to: reform its universal service and intercarrier compensation mechanisms; establish a new, broadband-focused support mechanism; and propose further rules to 
 advance reform.  Pursuant to the Reform Order, U.S. Cellular’s ETC support has been phased down by 40% since July 1, 2012.  As provided by the Reform Order, the phasedown is currently suspended and U.S. Cellular will continue to receive 60% of its baseline 
 support until a new fund proposed in the Reform Order is operational.  On February 23, 2017, the FCC adopted an order concerning the Mobility Fund II and the resumption of the phase down.  The text of the order has not been released but the press release 
 issued by the FCC following adoption of the order indicates that the order will establish a Mobility Fund II support mechanism of $453 million annually for ten years to be distributed through a market-based, multi-round reverse auction and that the phase d 
 own of unnecessary legacy support from the Federal USF will commence on the first day of the month following the completion of the auction and will conclude two years later.  U.S 
 Cellular cannot predict at this time when the Mobility Fund II auction will 
 occur, when the phase down period for its existing legacy support from the Federal USF will commence, or whether the Mobility Fund II auction will provide opportunities to the Company to offset any loss in existing support. 
 However, U.S. Cellular currentl 
 y expects that its legacy support will continue at the existing level for 2017. 
 If the foregoing regulatory support is reduced from current levels, this could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or operating results.  W 
 ith respect to intercarrier compensation, the Reform Order provides for a reduction in the charges that U.S. Cellular pays to wireline phone companies to transport and terminate calls that originate on their networks, which will reduce U.S. Cellular’s oper 
 ating expenses.  The reductions in intercarrier charges are to increase over the next five to ten years, further reducing U.S. Cellular’s operating expenses. 
 Telecommunications providers pay a variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from int 
 erstate and intrastate services, including USF fees and common carrier regulatory fees. 
 The division of services between interstate services and intrastate services, including the divisions associated with the 
 ederal USF fees, is a matter of interpretati 
 on and may in the future be contested by the FCC or state authorities.  The FCC also may change in the future the basis on which 
 ederal USF fees are charged.  The Federal government and many states also apply transaction-based taxes to sales of 
 telecommun 
 ications 
 products and services and to purchases of telecommunications services from various carriers 
 .  In addition, state regulators and local governments have imposed and may continue to impose various surcharges, taxes and fees on telecommunications serv 
 ices.  The applicability of these surcharges and fees to its services is uncertain in many cases and jurisdictions may contest whether U.S. Cellular has assessed and remitted those monies correctly. 
 Periodically, state and federal regulators may increase 
 or change the surcharges and fees U.S. Cellular currently pays. 
 In some instances, U.S. Cellular passes through these charges to its customers. 
 However, Congress, the FCC, state regulatory agencies or state legislatures may limit the ability to pass thro 
 ugh transaction-based tax liabilities, regulatory surcharges and regulatory fees imposed on U.S. Cellular to customers. 
 U.S. Cellular may or may not be able to recover some or all of those taxes from its customers and the amount of taxes may deter demand 
 for its services or increase its cost to provide service which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results. 
 U.S. Cellular has entered into purchase commitments with certain vendors and may enter into similar purchase commitments with other vendors in the future. 
 If U.S. Cellular is unable to sell all of the 
 devices that it is required to purchase under such agreements, or if it is unable to sell them at the prices it projects, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A large portion of U.S. Cellular’s assets consists of indefinite-lived intangible assets in the form of licenses and goodwill. 
 U.S. Cellular also has substantial investments in long-lived assets such as property, pla 
 nt and equipment. 
 U.S. Cellular reviews its licenses, goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. 
 An impairment loss may n 
 eed to be recognized to the extent the carrying value of the assets exceeds the fair value of such assets. 
 The amount of any such impairment loss could be significant and could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s reported financial results for the p 
 eriod in which the loss is recognized. 
 The estimation of fair values requires assumptions by management about factors that are uncertain including such things as future cash flows and the appropriate discount rate. 
 Different assumptions for these factors 
 could create materially different results. 
 As part of U.S. Cellular’s operating strategy, U.S. Cellular from time to time may be engaged in the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies, businesses, strategic properties, wirele 
 ss spectrum or other assets. 
 U.S. Cellular may change the markets in which it operates and the services that it provides through such acquisitions, divestitures and/or exchanges.  In general, U.S. Cellular may not disclose the negotiation of such transact 
 ions until a definitive agreement has been reached. 
 These transactions commonly involve a number of risks, including: 
 No assurance can be given that U.S. Cellular will be successful with respect to its acq 
 uisition, divestiture or exchange strategies or initiatives. 
 If U.S. Cellular is not successful with respect to its acquisitions, divestitures or exchanges, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 U.S. Cellular sells devices to customers under installment contracts over a specified period of 
 time.  Customers with installment contracts are not required to sign a fixed-term service contract to obtain postpaid service; rather, their service is provided on a month to month basis with no early termination fee.  These device installment contract pl 
 ans may not meet U.S. Cellular’s customers’ or potential customers’ needs, expectations or demands.  In addition, customers on these device installment contract plans can discontinue their service at any time without penalty, other than the obligation of a 
 ny residual commitment they may have for unpaid service or for amounts due under the installment contract for the device.  U.S. Cellular could experience a higher churn rate than it expects due to the ability of customers to more easily change service prov 
 iders, which could adversely affect its results of operations.  U.S. Cellular’s operational and financial performance may be adversely affected if it is unable to grow its customer base and achieve the customer penetration levels that it anticipates with t 
 his business model. 
 Customers who have financed their devices through these device installment contracts pay for their devices in installments over a specified period of time.  Compared to fixed-term service contracts, such plans result in lower cash flows 
 from operating activities in the near term and could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s liquidity or capital resources.  In addition, such 
 device installment contracts subject U.S. Cellular to increased risks relating to consumer credit issues, whi 
 ch could result in increased costs, including increases to its bad debts expense.  These device installment contracts may be particularly sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, and any declines in the credit quality of U.S. Cellular’s custome 
 r base could have a material adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s financial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular’s business plan includes significant construction activities and enhancements to its net 
 work, support and other systems and infrastructure. 
 As U.S. Cellular deploys, expands and enhances its network, it may need to acquire additional spectrum. 
 Also, as U.S. Cellular continues to build out and enhance its network, U.S. Cellular must, among o 
 ther things, continue to: 
 Any difficulties encount 
 ered in completing these activities, as well as problems in vendor equipment availability, technical resources, system performance or system adequacy, could delay expansion of operations and product capabilities in new or existing markets or result in incr 
 eased costs. 
 Failure to successfully build-out and enhance U.S. Cellular’s network and necessary support facilities and systems in a cost-effective manner, and in a manner that satisfies customer expectations for quality and coverage, could have an advers 
 e effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, business prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular has relationsh 
 ips with independent agents and third party national retailers who market U.S. Cellular services. 
 If such relationships are seriously harmed or if such parties experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, U.S. Cellular’s business, financial co 
 ndition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 U.S. Cellular depends upon certain vendors to provide it with equipment (including wireless devices), services or content to continue its network construction and upgrades and to operate its bus 
 iness. 
 U.S. Cellular does not have operational or financial control over such key suppliers and has limited influence with respect to the manner in which these key suppliers conduct their businesses. 
 If these key suppliers experience financial difficulti 
 es or file for bankruptcy or experience other operational difficulties, they may be unable to provide equipment, 
 services or content to U.S. Cellular on a timely basis, or at all, or they may otherwise fail to honor their obligations to U.S. Cellular. 
 Reg 
 ulations regarding the use of “conflict minerals” mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries may affect some of U.S. Cellular’s suppliers. 
 These regulations may limit the availability of conflict free minerals and, as a result, U. 
 S. Cellular may not be able to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices from its vendors who utilize such minerals in the manufacture of products. 
 In such cases, U.S. Cellular may be unable to maintain and upgrade its network or p 
 rovide products and services to its customers in a competitive manner, or could suffer other disruptions to its business. 
 In that event, U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, oper 
 ation of U.S. Cellular’s supply chain and management of its inventory require accurate forecasting of customer growth and demand, which has become increasingly challenging. 
 If overall demand for wireless devices or the mix of demand for wireless devices i 
 s significantly different than U.S. Cellular’s expectations, U.S. Cellular could face inadequate or excess supplies of particular models of wireless devices. 
 This could result in lost sales opportunities or an excess supply of inventory. 
 Either of these 
 situations could adversely affect U.S. Cellular’s revenues, costs of doing business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Also, U.S. Cellular has other arrangements with third parties, including arrangements pursuant to which U.S. Cellular now out 
 sources certain support functions to third party vendors.  Operational problems associated with such functions, including any failure by the vendor to provide the required level of service under the outsourcing arrangements, could have adverse effects on U 
 .S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular has significant investments in entities that it does not control, including equity investments and interests in certain variable interest entities. 
 U.S. Cellular’s interests in such entities do not provide U.S. 
 Cellular with control over the business strategy, financial goals, network build-out plans or other operational aspects of these entities. 
 U.S. Cellular cannot provide assurance that these entities will operate in a manner that will increase or maintain t 
 he value of U.S. Cellular’s investments, that U.S. Cellular’s proportionate share of income from these investments will continue at the current level in the future or that U.S. Cellular will not incur losses from the holding of such investments. 
 Losses in 
 the values of such investments or a reduction in income from these investments could adversely affect U.S. Cellular’s financial condition or results of operations.  In addition, certain investments have historically contributed significant cash flows to U 
 .S. Cellular and a reduction or suspension of such cash flows could adversely affect U.S. Cellular’s financial condition. 
 U.S. Cellular relies extensively on its telecommunication networks and information technology to operate and manage its business, process 
 transactions and summarize and report results. 
 These networks and technology become obsolete over time and must be upgraded, replaced and/or otherwise enhanced over time. 
 Enhancements must be more flexible and dependable than ever before. 
 All of this is 
 capital intensive and challenging. 
 A failure by U.S. Cellular to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technology could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 e increased provision of data services has introduced significant new demands on U.S. Cellular’s network and also has increased complexities related to network management. 
 Further, the increased provision of data services on U.S. Cellular’s networks has c 
 reated an increased level of risk related to quality of service. 
 This is due to the fact that many customers increasingly rely on data communications to execute and validate transactions. 
 As a result, redundancy and geographical diversity of U.S. Cellula 
 r’s network facilities are critical to providing uninterrupted service. 
 Also, the speed of repair and maintenance procedures in the event of network interruptions is critical to maintaining customer satisfaction. 
 U.S. Cellular’s ability to maintain high- 
 quality, uninterrupted service to its customers is critical, particularly given the increasingly competitive environment and customers’ ability to choose other service providers. 
 In addition, U.S. Cellular’s networks and information technology and the net 
 works and information technology of vendors on which U.S. Cellular relies are subject to damage or interruption due to various events, including power outages, computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, hackers 
 and other cyber security risks, catastrophic events, natural disasters, errors or unauthorized actions by employees and vendors, flawed conversion of systems, disruptive technologies and technology changes. 
 U.S. 
 Cellular experiences cyber-attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis.  U.S. Cellular maintains administrative, technical and physical controls, as well as other preventative actions, to reduce the risk of security breaches. 
 Although to date U.S. Cellu 
 lar has not experienced a material security breach, these efforts may be insufficient to prevent a security breach stemming from future cyber-attacks. 
 If U.S. Cellular’s or its vendors’ networks and information technology are not adequately adapted to cha 
 nges in technology or are damaged or fail to function properly, and/or if U.S. Cellular’s or its vendors’ security is breached or otherwise compromised, U.S. Cellular could suffer adverse consequences, including theft, destruction or other loss of critical 
 and private data, including customer and/or employee data, interruptions or delays in its operations, inaccurate billings, inaccurate financial reporting, and significant costs to remedy the problems. 
 If U.S. Cellular’s or its vendors’ systems become una 
 vailable or suffer a security breach of customer or other data, U.S. Cellular may be required to expend significant resources and take various actions to address the problems, including notification under data privacy laws and regulations, may be subject t 
 o fines, sanctions and litigation, and its reputation and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Any material disruption in U.S. Cellular’s networks or information technology, including security breaches, could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellu 
 lar’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Factors that may affect the future market price of U.S. Cellular’s Common Shares include 
 Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the future market price of U.S. Cellular’s Common 
 Shares, or could cause the future market price of U.S. Cellular’s Common Shares to fluctuate from time to time. 
 The preparation of financial statements requires U.S. Cellular to make estimates and assumptions that affect t 
 he reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
 U.S. Cellular bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumption 
 s and information that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 
 Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumption 
 s or conditions. 
 Changes in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information, could require U.S. Cellular to record charges in excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements, if any, which could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellula 
 r’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Disruption 
 s in the credit and financial markets, declines in consumer confidence, increases in unemployment, declines in economic growth and uncertainty about corporate earnings could have a significant negative impact on the U.S. and global financial and credit mar 
 kets and the overall economy. 
 Such events could have an adverse impact on financial institutions resulting in limited access to capital and credit for many companies. 
 Furthermore, economic uncertainties make it very difficult to accurately forecast and p 
 lan future business activities. 
 Changes in economic conditions, changes in financial markets, deterioration in the capital markets or other factors could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition, revenues, results of operati 
 ons and cash flows. 
 U.S. Cellular is regularly involved in a number of legal and policy proceedings before the FCC and various state and federal courts. 
 Such legal and policy proceedings can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive to business op 
 erations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. 
 The assessment of legal and policy proceedings is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events. 
 Additionally, amounts ultimately received or 
 paid upon settlement or resolution of litigation and other contingencies may differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements. 
 Depending on a range of factors, these or similar proceedings could impose restraints on U.S. Cellular’s curr 
 ent or future manner of doing business. 
 Such potential outcomes could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business. 
 Media reports and certain professional studies have suggested that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless devices may be linked to various health pr 
 oblems, including cancer or tumors, and may interfere with various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers. 
 U.S. Cellular is a party to and may in the future be a party to lawsuits against wireless carriers and other parties clai 
 ming damages for alleged health effects, including cancer or tumors, arising from wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters. 
 Concerns over radio frequency emissions may discourage use of wireless devices or expose U.S. Cellular to potential litigati 
 on. 
 In addition, the FCC or other regulatory authorities may adopt regulations in response to concerns about radio frequency emissions. 
 Any resulting decrease in demand for wireless services, costs of litigation and damage awards or regulation could have 
 an adverse effect on U. S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In addition, some studies have indicated that some aspects of using wireless devices while driving may impair drivers’ attention in certain circumstances, making 
 accidents more likely. 
 These concerns could lead to potential litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injuries, any of which could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Numero 
 us state and local legislative bodies have enacted or proposed legislation restricting or prohibiting the use of wireless devices while driving motor vehicles. 
 These enacted or proposed laws or other similar laws, if passed, could have the effect of reduc 
 ing customer usage and/or increasing costs, which could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 U.S. Cellular faces possible effects of industry litigation relating to patents, other intellectual property or otherwise, that may restrict U.S. Cellular’s access to devices for sale to 
 customers. 
 If technology that U.S. Cellular uses in products or services were determined by a court to infringe a patent or other intellectual property right held by another person, U.S. Cellular could be precluded from using that technology and could be 
 required to pay significant monetary damages. 
 U.S. Cellular also may be required to pay significant royalties to such person to continue to use such technology in the future. 
 The successful enforcement of any intellectual property rights, or U.S. Cellula 
 r’s inability to negotiate a license for such rights on acceptable terms, could force U.S. Cellular to cease using the relevant technology and offering services incorporating the technology. 
 Any litigation to determine the validity of claims that U.S. Cel 
 lular’s products or services infringe or may infringe intellectual property rights of another, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the effort and attention of U.S. Cellular’s management and technical personnel. 
 Regardless o 
 f the merits of any specific claim, U.S. Cellular cannot give assurance that it would prevail in litigation because of the complex technical issues and 
 inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. 
 Although U.S. Cellular generally seeks to o 
 btain indemnification agreements from vendors that provide it with technology, there can be no assurance that any claim of infringement will be covered by an indemnity or that U.S. Cellular will be able to recover all or any of its losses and costs under a 
 ny available indemnity agreements. 
 Any claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others could prevent U.S. Cellular from using necessary technology to provide its services or subject U.S. Cellular to expensive intellectual 
 property litigation or monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on U.S. Cellular’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 TDS owns over 80% of the comb 
 ined total of both classes of common stock of U.S. Cellular, including a majority of the outstanding Common Shares and 100% of the Series 
 A Common Shares, and controls over 96% of their combined voting power. 
 As a result, TDS is effectively able to elect 
 all of U.S. Cellular’s fourteen directors and otherwise control the management and operations of U.S. Cellular. 
 Seven of the fourteen directors of U.S. Cellular are also directors of TDS and/or executive officers of TDS and/or U.S. Cellular. 
 Directors an 
 d officers of TDS who are also directors or officers of U.S. Cellular, and TDS as U.S. Cellular’s controlling shareholder, are in positions involving the possibility of conflicts of interest with respect to certain transactions concerning U.S. Cellular. 
 hen the interests of TDS and U.S. Cellular diverge, TDS may exercise its influence in its own best interests. 
 U.S. Cellular and TDS have entered into contractual arrangements governing certain transactions and relationships between them. 
 These agreements 
 were executed prior to the initial public offering of U.S. Cellular’s Common Shares and were not the result of arm’s-length negotiations. 
 Accordingly, there is no assurance that the terms and conditions of these agreements are as favorable to U.S. Cellula 
 r as could have been obtained from unaffiliated third parties. 
 See “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” in this Form 
 10-K. 
 Conflicts of interest may arise between TDS and U.S. Cellular when faced with decisions that could have different implic 
 ations for U.S. Cellular and TDS, including technology decisions, financial budgets, the payment of distributions by U.S. Cellular, agreements or transactions between TDS and U.S. Cellular, business activities and other matters. 
 TDS also may take action t 
 hat favors its other businesses and the interests of its shareholders over U.S. Cellular’s wireless business and the interests of U.S. Cellular shareholders and debt holders. 
 Because TDS controls U.S. Cellular, conflicts of interest could be resolved in a 
 manner adverse to U.S. Cellular and its other shareholders or its debt holders. 
 The U.S. Cellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, so long as not less than 500,000 Series 
 A Common Shares are outstanding, U.S. Cellular, without the writ 
 ten consent of TDS, shall not, directly or indirectly own, invest or otherwise have an interest in, lease, operate or manage any business other than a business engaged solely in the construction of, the ownership of interests in and/or the management of wi 
 reless telephone systems. 
 This limitation on the scope of U.S. Cellular’s potential business could hurt the growth of U.S. Cellular’s business. 
 This restriction would preclude U.S. Cellular from pursuing attractive related or unrelated business opportuni 
 ties unless TDS consents in writing. 
 TDS has no obligation to consent to any business opportunities proposed by U.S. Cellular and may withhold its consent in its own best interests. 
 The control of U.S. Cellular by TDS may tend to deter non-negotiated tender offers or other efforts to obtain control 
 of U.S. Cellular and thereby deprive shareholders of opportunities to sell shares at prices higher than those prevailing in the market. 
 The U.S. Cellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation also contains provisions which may serve to discourage or make m 
 ore difficult a change in control of U.S. Cellular without the support of TDS or without meeting various other conditions. 
 In particular, the authorization of multiple classes of capital stock with different voting rights could prevent shareholders from p 
 rofiting from an increase in the market value of their shares as a result of a change in control of U.S. Cellular by delaying or preventing such change in control. 
 The U.S. Cellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation also authorizes the U.S. Cellular Bo 
 ard of Directors to designate and issue Preferred Shares in one or more classes or series from time to time. 
 Generally, no further action or authorization by the shareholders is necessary prior to the designation or issuance of the additional Preferred Sh 
 ares authorized pursuant to the U.S. Cellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation unless applicable laws or regulations would require such approval in a given instance. 
 Such Preferred Shares could be issued in circumstances that would serve to preserve 
 TDS’ control of U.S. Cellular. 
 From time to time, U.S. 
 Cellular may disclose forward-looking information, including estimates of future operating revenues; various measures of income before income taxes; and/or capital expenditures. 
 Any such forward-looking information includes consideration 
 of known or antic 
 ipated changes to the extent disclosed, but dynamic market conditions and/or other unknown or unanticipated events, including but not limited to the risks discussed above, could cause such estimates to differ materially from the actual amounts. 
 Item 
 1B. 
 nre 
 solved Staff Comments