Item 1A.      Risk Factors \n There are inherent risks and uncertainties associated with our business that could adversely affect our operating performance and financial condition. Set forth below are descriptions of those risks and uncertainties that we currently believe to be material, but the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. See the discussion under “Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the ‘Safe Harbor’ Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995” in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. \n The Company has begun and anticipates that it will continue to increase content production for distribution on various platforms, including the potential creation of a WWE network and these efforts could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. \n The Company has invested significant capital and operating expenses to develop sufficient infrastructure and programming, and anticipates that it will continue to incur such expenses in the future. The failure to enter into distribution agreements for this content and to realize revenues sufficient to cover such expenses could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. \n Our failure to maintain or renew key agreements could adversely affect our ability to distribute television and pay-per-view programming which could adversely affect our operating results. \n Our television programming is distributed by broadcast and cable networks, and our pay-per-view programming is distributed by pay-per-view providers. Because our revenues are generated, directly and indirectly, from this distribution of our programming, any failure to maintain or renew arrangements with distributors, the failure of distributors to continue to provide services to us or the failure to enter into new distribution opportunities could adversely affect our operating results. We regularly engage in negotiations relating to substantial agreements covering the distribution of our television programming by carriers located in the United States and abroad. Over the past several years we have expanded our relationship with NBC Universal and they currently distribute a majority of our domestic television programming. \n Our failure to continue to develop creative and entertaining programs and events would likely lead to a decline in the popularity of our brand of entertainment and could adversely affect our operating results. \n The creation, marketing and distribution of our live and televised entertainment, including our pay-per-view events, as well as additional derivative programming, is at the core of our business. The production of compelling live and televised content is critical to our ability to generate revenues across our media platforms and product outlets. Our failure to continue to create popular live events and televised programming would likely lead to a decline in our television ratings and attendance at our live events, which would adversely affect our operating results. \n Our failure to retain or continue to recruit key performers could lead to a decline in the appeal of our storylines and the popularity of our brand of entertainment, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to recruit, train and retain athletic performers who have the physical presence, acting ability and charisma to portray characters in our live events and televised programming. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to identify, train and retain these performers in the future. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to retain our current performers during the terms of their contracts or when their contracts expire. Our failure to attract and retain key performers, an increase in the costs required to attract and retain such performers, or a serious or untimely injury to, or the death of, or unexpected or premature loss or retirement for any reason of, any of our key performers could lead to a decline in the appeal of our storylines and the popularity of our brand of entertainment, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n The unexpected loss of the services of Vincent K. McMahon could adversely affect our ability to create popular characters and creative storylines or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. \n In addition to serving as Chairman of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. McMahon leads the creative team that develops the storylines and the characters for our televised programming and live events. Mr. McMahon, from time to time, has also been an important member of our cast of performers. The loss of Mr. McMahon due to unexpected retirement, disability, death or other unexpected termination for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our ability to create popular characters and creative storylines or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. \n A decline in general economic conditions or disruption of financial markets may, among other things, reduce the discretionary income of consumers or erode advertising markets, which could adversely affect our business. \n Our operations are affected by general economic conditions, which affect consumers’ disposable income. The demand for entertainment and leisure activities tends to be highly sensitive to the level of consumers’ disposable income. Declines in general economic conditions could reduce the level of discretionary income that our fans and potential fans have to spend on our live and televised entertainment and consumer products, which could adversely affect our revenues. Volatility and disruption of financial markets could limit our clients’, licensees’ and distributors’ ability to obtain adequate financing to maintain operations and result in a decrease in sales volume that could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our television partners derive revenues from the sale of advertising. We also sell advertising directly on our website and in our magazines and, depending upon the distribution methods used to monetize additional content, we may have additional advertising to sell. Softness in the advertising markets, due to a weak economic environment or otherwise, could adversely affect our revenues or the financial viability of our distributors. \n Our accounts receivable represent a significant portion of our current assets and relate principally to a limited number of distributors and licensees, increasing our exposure to bad debts and could potentially have a material adverse affect on our results of operations. \n A substantial portion of our accounts receivable are from distributors of our pay-per-view, television, home video and magazine products and licensees who produce consumer products containing our intellectual trademarks. The concentration of our accounts receivable across a limited number of distributors subjects us to individual credit risk with respect to such parties. Additionally, adverse changes in general economic conditions and/or contraction in global credit markets could precipitate liquidity problems among our debtors, including our key distributors and/or licensees. This could increase our exposure to losses from bad debts and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n On December 19, 2012, our former video game licensee THQ declared bankruptcy. As a result, the Company reserved $1.7 million as bad debt for amounts that were due the Company from THQ at December 31, 2012. The amounts reserved primarily related to sponsorship agreements and various services WWE provided to THQ in support of the release of WWE '13 . \n A s a result of THQ's bankruptcy, the Company will not be able to collect and recognize a portion of anticipated royalties due in the first quarter of approximately $4.0 million to $5.0 million, and does not believe that this loss will have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. \n A decline in the popularity of our brand of sports entertainment, including as a result of changes in the social and political climate, could adversely affect our business. \n Our operations are affected by consumer tastes and entertainment trends, which are unpredictable and subject to change and may be affected by changes in the social and political climate. Our programming is created to evoke a passionate response from our fans. Changes in our fans’ tastes or a material change in the perceptions of our business partners, including our distributors and licensees, whether as a result of the social and political climate or otherwise, could adversely affect our operating results. \n Changes in the regulatory atmosphere and related private sector initiatives could adversely affect our business. \n While the production of television programming by independent producers is not directly regulated by the federal or state governments in the United States, the marketplace for television programming in the United States is affected significantly by government regulations applicable to, as well as social and political influences on, television stations, television networks and cable and satellite television systems and channels. We voluntarily designate the suitability of each of our television shows using standard industry ratings, and all of our programming currently has a PG rating. Domestic and foreign governmental and private-sector initiatives relating to the content of media programming are announced from time to time. Any failure by us to meet these governmental policies and private-sector expectations could restrict our program content and adversely affect our levels of viewership and operating results. \n The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented, and we may not be able to compete effectively, especially against competitors with greater financial resources or marketplace presence, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n For our live, television and pay-per-view audiences, we face competition from professional and college sports, as well as from other forms of live and televised entertainment and other leisure activities in a rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented marketplace. The manner in which audio/video content is distributed and viewed is constantly changing. While we attempt to distribute our content across all platforms, our failure to continue to do so effectively (including, for example only, our emphasizing a distribution platform that in time lessens in importance or becomes obsolete or our loss of, or other inability to procure, carriage on an important platform) could adversely affect our operating results. For the sale of our consumer products, we compete with entertainment companies, professional and college sports leagues and other makers of branded apparel and merchandise. Many of the companies with whom we compete have greater financial resources than we do. \n Our failure to compete effectively could result in a significant loss of viewers, venues, distribution channels or performers and fewer entertainment and advertising dollars spent on our form of sports entertainment, any of which could adversely affect our operating results. \n We face uncertainties associated with international markets, which could adversely affect our operating results and impair our business strategy. \n Cultural norms vary in the markets in which we operate and our products' conformance to the local norms could affect our sales, viewership and success in the markets.  Our production of live events overseas subjects us to the risks involved in foreign travel and local regulations, including regulations requiring us to obtain visas for our performers. In addition, these live events and the licensing of our television and consumer products in international markets expose us to some degree of currency risk. International operations may be subject to political instability inherent in varying degrees in those markets. These risks could adversely affect our operating results and impair our ability to pursue our business strategy as it relates to international markets. \n We may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events if we do not comply with applicable regulations, which could lead to a decline in the various revenue streams generated from our live events, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, athletic commissions and other applicable regulatory agencies require us to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances and/or other permits or licenses for performers and/or permits for events in order for us to promote and conduct our live events. In the event that we fail to comply with the regulations of a particular jurisdiction, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events in that jurisdiction. The inability to present our live events over an extended period of time or in a number of jurisdictions could lead to a decline in the various revenue streams generated from our live events, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n Because we depend upon our intellectual property rights, our inability to protect those rights, or our infringement of others’ intellectual property rights, could adversely affect our business. \n Our inability to protect our large portfolio of trademarks, service marks, copyrighted material and characters, trade names and other intellectual property rights from piracy, counterfeiting or other unauthorized use could negatively affect our business. \n Intellectual property is material to all aspects of our operations, and we expend substantial cost and effort in an attempt to maintain and protect our intellectual property and to maintain compliance vis-à-vis other parties’ intellectual property. We have a large portfolio of registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks worldwide and maintain a large catalog of copyrighted works, including copyrights to our television programming, music, photographs, books, magazines and apparel art. A principal focus of our efforts is to protect the intellectual property relating to our originally created characters portrayed by our performers, which encompasses images, likenesses, names and other identifying indicia of these characters. We also own a large number of Internet website domain names and operate a network of developed, content-based sites, which facilitate and contribute to the exploitation of our intellectual property worldwide. \n Our failure to curtail piracy, infringement or other unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights effectively, or our infringement of others’ intellectual property rights, could adversely affect our operating results. \n We could incur substantial liabilities if litigation is resolved unfavorably. \n In the ordinary course of business we become subject to various complaints and litigation matters. The outcome of litigation is inherently difficult to assess and quantify, and the defense against such claims or actions can be costly. Any adverse judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. \n We could incur substantial liability in the event of accidents or injuries occurring during our physically demanding events. \n We hold numerous live events each year. This schedule exposes our performers and our employees who are involved in the production of those events to the risk of travel and performance-related accidents, the consequences of which may not be fully covered by insurance. The physical nature of our events exposes our performers to the risk of serious injury or death. Although our performers, as independent contractors, are responsible for maintaining their own health, disability and life insurance, we self-insure medical costs for our performers for injuries that they incur while performing. We also self-insure a substantial portion of any other liability that we could incur relating to such injuries. Liability to us resulting from any death or serious injury sustained by one of our performers while performing, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our live events entail other risks inherent in public live events, which could lead to disruptions to our business as well as liability to other parties, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. \n We hold numerous live events each year, both domestically and internationally. Certain risks are inherent in large events of this type as well as the travel to and from them. Although we believe we take appropriate safety and financial precautions in connection with our events, possible difficulties could occur including air and land travel interruption or accidents, the spread of illness, injuries resulting from building problems or other equipment malfunction, violence, local labor strikes and other "force majeure" type events. These issues could result in canceled events and other disruptions to our business as well as liability to other parties, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. \n We continue to face certain risks relating to our feature film business, which could result in higher production costs and asset impairment charges, which could adversely affect our financial condition or our results of operations. \n We have substantial capitalized film costs. The accounting for our film business in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles entails significant judgment used to develop estimates of expected future revenues from films. If expected revenue for one or more of our films does not materialize because audience demand does not meet expectations, our estimated revenues may not be sufficient to recoup our investment in the film. If actual revenues are lower than our estimated revenues or if costs are higher than expected, we may be required to record an impairment charge and write down the capitalized costs of the film.  No assurance can be given that we will not record additional impairment charges in future periods. In addition capitalized film costs are reflected net of certain production tax incentives granted by various governmental authorities. Our ability to realize these credits may be limited by changes in the legislation governing the incentives and/or the economic environment. The inability to realize these credits would have the effect of increasing our overall production costs. \n We could face a variety of risks if we expand into new and complementary business and make certain investments. \n We have entered into new or complementary businesses in the past and may do so again in the future, including the potential creation of a WWE Network. In addition, we regularly review acquisitions and investments and in 2012 made an investment in an early stage business in the amount of $5.0 million.  Risks of expansion may include, among other risks: potential diversion of management’s attention and other resources, including available cash, from our existing businesses; unanticipated liabilities or contingencies; reduced earnings due to increased amortization, impairment charges and other costs; competition from other companies with more experience in such businesses; and possible additional regulatory requirements and compliance costs which could affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We face various risks relating to our computer systems and online operations, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition or our results of operations. \n The Company faces the risk of a security breach or disruption, whether through external cyber intrusion or from persons with access to systems inside our organization. Although the Company makes significant efforts to maintain the security of its computer systems, and it has implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that these security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging or that the Company would be promptly aware of them. The Company and certain of its third party service providers receive personal information through web services, and in many instances this information is subject to the Company's privacy policies.  Personal information received by our service providers includes credit card information in certain instances, most notably WWEShop, the Company's internet retail operations. The Company expends significant effort to ensure compliance with its privacy policy and to ensure that our service providers safeguard credit card information including contractually requiring those providers to remain compliant with applicable PCI Data Security Standards. However, a significant security breach or other disruption involving the Company's computer systems could: disrupt the proper functioning of these systems and therefore the Company's  operations; result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information; require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that could result; subject the Company to litigation; or damage its reputation, any or all of which could have a negative impact on its financial condition or results of operations. \n Through his beneficial ownership of a substantial majority of our Class B common stock, Mr. McMahon can exercise control over our affairs, and his interests may conflict with the holders of our Class A common stock. \n We have Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The holders of Class A common stock generally have rights identical to holders of Class B common stock, except that holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Holders of both classes of common stock generally will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable Delaware law. \n A substantial majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock is owned beneficially by Vincent K. McMahon. Mr. McMahon controls approximately 83% of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Through his beneficial ownership of a substantial majority of our Class B common stock, Mr. McMahon effectively can exercise control over our affairs, and his interest could conflict with the holders of our Class A common stock. In addition, the voting power of Mr. McMahon through his ownership of our Class B common stock could discourage others from initiating potential mergers, takeovers or other change of control transactions. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. \n To the extent the Company’s dividend distributions represent a return of capital for tax purposes, shareholders will recognize an increased capital gain upon a subsequent sale of the Company’s Common Stock. \n The Company’s aggregate dividend distributions paid in 2012 were in excess of its current and accumulated earnings and profits calculated under applicable Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) provisions. Under the IRC, distributions in excess of both the Company’s current earnings and profits and the Company’s accumulated earnings and profits constitute a return of capital and reduce the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in its Common Stock. If a stockholder’s adjusted basis in its Common Stock is reduced to zero, these excess distributions thereafter constitute a capital gain to the stockholder. \n Our dividend is significant and is affected by a number of factors. \n Our Board of Directors regularly evaluates the Company’s Common Stock dividend policy and determines the dividend rate each quarter. The level of dividends will continue to be influenced by many factors, including, among other things, our liquidity and historical and projected cash flow, our strategic plan (including alternative uses of capital), our financial results and condition, contractual and legal restrictions on the payment of dividends (including under our revolving credit facility), general economic and competitive conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors may consider relevant from time to time. We cannot assure our stockholders that dividends will be paid in the future, or that, if paid, dividends will be at the same amount or with the same frequency as in the past. Any reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price. \n A substantial number of shares are eligible for sale by Mr. McMahon and members of his family or trusts established for their benefit, and the sale of those shares could lower our stock price. \n All of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock are held by Vincent McMahon and other members of the McMahon family and trusts set up for these family members. Sales of substantial amounts of these shares, or the perception that such sales could occur, may lower the prevailing market price of our Class A common stock. If any sales or transfers of Class B common stock were to occur to persons outside of the McMahon family, the shares would automatically convert into Class A common stock. \n Our Class A common stock has a relatively small public "float." \n Historically, as a result of our relatively small public float, our Class A common stock has been less liquid than the common stock of companies with broader public ownership, and the trading prices for our Class A common stock have been more volatile than generally may be the case for more widely-held common stock. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our Class A common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price of our Class A common stock than would be the case if our public float were larger.