Item 1A.      Risk Factors \n There are inherent risks and uncertainties associated with our business that could adversely affect our operating performance and financial condition. Set forth below are descriptions of those risks and uncertainties that we currently believe to be material, but the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. See the discussion under “Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the ‘Safe Harbor’ Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995” in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. \n Our failure to maintain or renew key domestic television agreements could adversely affect our ability to distribute television programming which could adversely affect our operating results. \n Our television programming is distributed by broadcast and cable networks.  Because a large portion of our revenues are generated, directly and indirectly, from this distribution of our programming, any failure to maintain or renew arrangements with distributors and platforms, the failure of distributors or platforms to continue to provide services to us or the failure to enter into new distribution opportunities on terms favorable to us could adversely affect our operating results. We regularly engage in negotiations relating to substantial agreements covering the distribution of our television programming by carriers located in the United States and abroad. Over the past several years we have expanded our relationship with NBC Universal ("NBCU") and they currently distribute the vast majority of our domestic television programming.  In 2013, these NBCU agreements were made coterminous, ending in September 2014.  The Company is now engaged with potential partners after exiting our exclusive negotiating period with NBCU. The inability of the Company to enter into a domestic distribution agreement(s) on terms favorable to us could substantially affect the Company’s financial outlook, liquidity, business and operating results and have a material adverse effect on the price of the Company’s Class A Common Stock, which the Company believes reflects market expectations of a substantial improvement in future operating results. \n The Company has spent, and will likely continue to spend, substantial amounts to produce content and infrastructure for distribution of content on our new WWE Network which is scheduled to launch domestically on February 24, 2014.  While we have significant experience monetizing content across many platforms, we do not have the same level of expertise in the distribution platforms that will carry our digital over the top WWE Network on a subscription basis and we could experience significant setbacks in such monetization efforts. If, for any of a number of reasons, we are unable to monetize this distribution platform successfully, these additional costs, and the possible loss of very significant revenue from other distribution platforms potentially being displaced, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. \n Loss of Pay-Per-View Revenue and Profit. As part of the subscription to WWE Network, we are including programming that we have historically offered through pay-per-view channels.  On a pay-per-view basis, such programming resulted in worldwide revenues of $82.5 million and OIBDA of $34.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013.  A majority of these revenues and OIBDA are for domestic pay-per-view distribution.  Although we intend to continue distributing this programming through pay-per-view channels domestically after the launch of WWE Network, distributors may decide to no longer carry such programming and we cannot require them to do so.   If, for any number of reasons, our audience does not subscribe to WWE Network in sufficient numbers to offset or exceed any loss of pay-per-view revenue, the resulting loss of revenue and profit could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. \n Need to Attract, Retain and Replace Subscribers .  We believe that WWE has a passionate fan base.  However, the markets for entertainment video are intensely competitive and include many subscription, transactional and ad-supported models and vast amounts of pirated materials, all of which capture segments of the entertainment video market.  Our ability to attract subscribers to our new WWE Network will depend in part on our ability to provide our subscribers with a consistent high quality service that is perceived to constitute good value for the consumer’s entertainment dollars.  We may face competition with respect to service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features, which may adversely impact our ability to attract subscribers. Competitors include, among others, broadcast, cable and satellite television, many of which have so-called “TV everywhere” and “on demand” content, online movie and television content providers (both legal and illegal (pirated)), and DVD rentals and sales. If consumers do not perceive WWE Network to be a good value, we may not be able to attract them.  In addition, while we will have minimum \n subscription periods (currently six months), subscribers thereafter could cancel their subscriptions for a number of reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, unsatisfactory content, competitive entertainment at a lower price and customer service issues.  This is commonly referred to as “churn.”  We will need to add new subscribers to replace subscribers who cancel in order to grow our business. If we do not attract subscribers, if too many of our subscribers cancel our service at the end of the minimum subscription periods (or wrongfully before then), or if we are unable to attract new subscribers in sufficient numbers, our financial outlook, liquidity, business and operating results would be adversely affected. \n Significant Initial and Ongoing Costs .  Our new WWE Network has and will continue to require significant capital expenditures and operating costs to build the infrastructure, reconfigure and edit content for digital delivery and provide adequate marketing and customer service.  Capital expenditures will result in increased amortization and depreciation and, in certain circumstances may require impairment charges, if capital projects do not provide adequate results in the context of our new WWE Network.  Any and all such costs, if not more than offset by revenues from the new WWE Network, could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. \n Emerging Business .  We believe that we are entering the market for subscription digital streaming at a relatively early stage.  We believe acceptance of this type of service is growing among users, that our fans are technologically sophisticated and that the market is not saturated.  We could, however, find that we are entering this business too early and that our fans are unwilling to migrate to a digital network.  Alternatively, we could find that we are entering this business too late and that other players, who have greater experience and resources than we, have occupied the space in a manner that will create significant barriers to the successful launch of WWE Network or there will be dominant competition in the market for this type of service going forward.  Under either scenario, our ability to attract subscribers would be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. \n Reliance on Partners to Offer the Network on Various Devices. We plan to offer subscribers the ability to receive streaming content through their PCs, Macs and other Internet-connected devices, including game consoles and mobile devices and later smart televisions and Blu-ray players. We intend to continue to broaden our capability to stream programming to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in entering into and maintaining these relationships, or if we encounter technological, licensing or other impediments to our streaming content, or if viewers migrate from our platforms to platforms we do not or cannot utilize, our ability to compete successfully could be adversely impacted. Agreements with consumer electronics providers are typically relatively short term in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us. \n Possible Disruption of Systems to be Utilized in Our Operations. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our subscribers will be dependent upon the reliable performance of our computer systems and those of third-parties that we utilize in our operations. Interruptions in these systems, or with the Internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver content, and we do not carry business interruption insurance.  Delivery of audiovisual material over the Internet is done through a series of carriers with switch-overs between carriers, and any point of failure in this distribution chain would cause a disruption or degradation of our signal.  Service disruption or degradation for any of the foregoing reasons could diminish the overall attractiveness of our subscription service to subscribers. \n Our servers and those of third parties we will use in our operations are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions and could experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse, theft or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable Company or subscriber data or information. Any attempt by hackers to disrupt our service or otherwise access our systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy, expose us to litigation and/or damage our reputation. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. \n We will rely on an outside contractor to supply significant portions of the technology and infrastructure to deliver our content and interact with the user, including payment methods.  Future enhancements and modifications to that technology could become commercially necessary. If we are unable to acquire, maintain and enhance the technology to manage the streaming of content to our subscribers in a timely and efficient manner either through an outside contractor, other third parties or ourselves, our ability \n to retain existing subscribers and to add new subscribers may be impaired. In addition, if our technology or that of third parties we will utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to attract and/or retain subscribers or add new subscribers may be impaired. Also, any harm to our subscribers' personal computers or other devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. \n In addition, fires, floods, earthquakes, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events could damage systems and hardware used for our service or cause them to fail completely. As we do not maintain entirely redundant systems, a disrupting event could result in prolonged downtime of our operations and could adversely affect our business. \n Impact of Government Regulations. The adoption or modification of laws and regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we plan to conduct our business. The growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our proposed business model. \n The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, including laws limiting Internet neutrality, could limit the demand for our subscription service and increase our cost of doing business. In late 2010, the Federal Communications Commission adopted so-called net neutrality rules intended, in part, to prevent network operators from discriminating against legal traffic that transverse their networks. These rules were recently overturned, and the impact of such ruling currently cannot be fully understood either legally or commercially.  To the extent that network operators use this ruling to engage in discriminatory practices, our business could be adversely impacted. As we expand internationally, government regulation concerning the Internet, and in particular, network neutrality, may be nascent or non-existent. Within such a regulatory environment, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business.  Similarly, to the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, due to the heavy bandwidth use of audio/visual content, we could incur greater operating expenses and our subscriber acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. If network operators create tiers of Internet access service and either charge us or our service providers for, or prohibit us from being available through, these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. \n Most network operators that provide consumers access to the Internet also provide consumers audiovisual programming. As a result, these companies have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our success. To the extent they provide preferential treatment to their data or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our network could be negatively impacted. In international markets these same incentives apply however, consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition may not be as strong. \n Privacy concerns. We collect and utilize data supplied by our fans and plan to do so from WWE Network subscribers. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information. Increased regulation of data utilization practices that limit our ability to use collected data could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were to disclose data about our subscribers in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. As our business evolves and as we expand internationally, we may become subject to additional restrictions on our treatment of customer information. \n We are subject to intellectual property risks. From time to time, third parties allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. In connection with WWE Network, if we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that potentially affect aspects of streaming services. For example, there are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the Internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit, could result in costly litigation and diversion of personnel. It also may result in our inability to use technology as currently configured for our current business and/or for our new WWE Network.  As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, \n enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims which may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. \n We intend to spend significant amounts on marketing, including promotional offerings, to attract, retain and renew subscribers, but access to suitable marketing channels might not be available. If companies we plan to use to promote WWE Network believe that we could negatively impact their business, decide that they want to enter similar businesses or wish to support our competitors, we may not be given access to such marketing channels.  We may decide not to use certain marketing sources or activities if they are perceived to be ineffective.  If adequate marketing channels are not available for any of the foregoing reasons, or for any other reasons, our ability to attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. \n Our failure to continue to develop creative and entertaining programs and events would likely lead to a decline in the popularity of our brand of entertainment and could adversely affect our operating results. \n The creation, marketing and distribution of our live and televised entertainment, including our pay-per-view events, as well as additional derivative programming, is at the core of our business. The production of compelling live and televised content is critical to our ability to generate revenues across our media platforms and product outlets. Our failure to continue to create popular live events and televised programming would likely lead to a decline in our television ratings and attendance at our live events, which would adversely affect our operating results. \n Our failure to retain or continue to recruit key performers could lead to a decline in the appeal of our storylines and the popularity of our brand of entertainment, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to recruit, train and retain athletic performers who have the physical presence, acting ability and charisma to portray characters in our live events and televised programming. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to identify, train and retain these performers in the future. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to retain our current performers during the terms of their contracts or when their contracts expire. Our failure to attract and retain key performers, an increase in the costs required to attract and retain such performers, or a serious or untimely injury to, or the death of, or unexpected or premature loss or retirement for any reason of, any of our key performers could lead to a decline in the appeal of our storylines and the popularity of our brand of entertainment, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n The unexpected loss of the services of Vincent K. McMahon could adversely affect our ability to create popular characters and creative storylines or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. \n In addition to serving as Chairman of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. McMahon leads the creative team that develops the storylines and the characters for our televised programming and live events. Mr. McMahon, from time to time, has also been an important member of our cast of performers. The loss of Mr. McMahon due to unexpected retirement, disability, death or other unexpected termination for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our ability to create popular characters and creative storylines or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. \n A decline in the popularity of our brand of sports entertainment, including as a result of changes in the social and political climate, could adversely affect our business. \n Our operations are affected by consumer tastes and entertainment trends, which are unpredictable and subject to change and may be affected by changes in the social and political climate. Our programming is created to evoke a passionate response from our fans. Changes in our fans’ tastes or a material change in the perceptions of our business partners, including our distributors and licensees, whether as a result of the social and political climate or otherwise, could adversely affect our operating results. \n Changes in the regulatory atmosphere and related private sector initiatives could adversely affect our television business. \n While the production of television programming by independent producers is not directly regulated by the federal or state governments in the United States, the marketplace for television programming in the United States is affected significantly by government regulations applicable to, as well as social and political influences on, television stations, television networks and \n cable and satellite television systems and channels. We voluntarily designate the suitability of each of our television shows using standard industry ratings, and all of our programming currently has a PG rating. Domestic and foreign governmental and private-sector initiatives relating to the content of media programming are announced from time to time. Any failure by us to meet these governmental policies and private-sector expectations could restrict our program content and adversely affect our levels of viewership and operating results. \n The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented, and we may not be able to compete effectively, especially against competitors with greater financial resources or marketplace presence, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n We face competition for our audiences from professional and college sports, as well as from other forms of live and televised, streamed and filmed entertainment and other leisure activities in a rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented marketplace. The manner in which audio/video content is distributed and viewed is constantly changing. While we attempt to distribute our content across all platforms, our failure to continue to do so effectively (including, for example only, our emphasizing a distribution platform that in time lessens in importance or becomes obsolete or our loss of, or other inability to procure, carriage on an important platform) could adversely affect our operating results. If other providers of entertainment video address the changes in consumer viewing habits in a manner that is better able to meet content distributor and consumer needs and expectations, our business could be adversely affected.  For the sale of our consumer products, we compete with entertainment companies, professional and college sports leagues and other makers of branded apparel and merchandise. Many of the companies with whom we compete have greater financial resources than we do. \n Our failure to compete effectively could result in a significant loss of viewers, subscribers, venues, distribution channels or performers and fewer entertainment and advertising dollars spent on our form of sports entertainment, any of which could adversely affect our operating results. \n We face uncertainties associated with international markets, which could adversely affect our operating results and impair our business strategy. \n We are consistently negotiating and entering into new licenses and renewals and extensions of existing agreements for our products and services including television programming, in international markets.  Cultural norms and regulatory frameworks vary in the markets in which we operate and our products' nonconformance to local norms or applicable law or regulations could affect our sales, viewership and success in the markets.  In January 2014, we renewed the license agreement for our programming on BSkyB in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland.  Our second largest international television deal, for India, is due to be renewed or replaced in 2014.  Our production of live events overseas subjects us to the risks involved in foreign travel and local regulations, including regulations requiring us to obtain visas for our performers. In addition, these live events and the licensing of our television and consumer products in international markets expose us to some degree of currency risk. International operations may be subject to political instability inherent in varying degrees in those markets. These risks could adversely affect our operating results and impair our ability to pursue our business strategy as it relates to international markets. \n We may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events if we do not comply with applicable regulations, which could lead to a decline in the various revenue streams generated from our live events, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, athletic commissions and other applicable regulatory agencies require us to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances and/or other permits or licenses for performers and/or permits for events in order for us to promote and conduct our live events. In the event that we fail to comply with the regulations of a particular jurisdiction, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events in that jurisdiction. The inability to present our live events over an extended period of time or in a number of jurisdictions could lead to a decline in the various revenue streams generated from our live events, which could adversely affect our operating results. \n Because we depend upon our intellectual property rights, our inability to protect those rights, or our infringement of others’ intellectual property rights, could adversely affect our business. \n Our inability to protect our large portfolio of trademarks, service marks, copyrighted material and characters, trade names and other intellectual property rights from piracy, counterfeiting or other unauthorized use could negatively affect our business. Intellectual property is material to all aspects of our operations, and we expend substantial cost and effort in an attempt to maintain and protect our intellectual property and to maintain compliance vis-à-vis other parties’ intellectual property. We have a large portfolio of registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks worldwide and maintain a large catalog of copyrighted works, including copyrights to our television programming, music, photographs, books, magazines and apparel art. A principal focus of our efforts is to protect the intellectual property relating to our originally created characters portrayed by our performers, which encompasses images, likenesses, names and other identifying indicia of these characters. We also own a large number of Internet website domain names and operate a network of developed, content-based sites, which facilitate and contribute to the exploitation of our intellectual property worldwide.   Our failure to curtail piracy, infringement or other unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights effectively, or our infringement of others’ intellectual property rights, could adversely affect our operating results. \n We could incur substantial liability in the event of accidents or injuries occurring during our physically demanding events. \n We hold numerous live events each year. This schedule exposes our performers and our employees who are involved in the production of those events to the risk of travel and performance-related accidents, the consequences of which are not fully covered by insurance. The physical nature of our events exposes our performers to the risk of serious injury or death. Although our performers, as independent contractors, are responsible for maintaining their own health, disability and life insurance, we self-insure medical costs for our performers for injuries that they incur while performing. We also self-insure a substantial portion of any other liability that we could incur relating to such injuries. Liability to us resulting from any death or serious injury sustained by one of our performers while performing, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n Our live events entail other risks inherent in public live events, which could lead to disruptions to our business as well as liability to other parties, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. \n We hold numerous live events each year, both domestically and internationally. Certain risks are inherent in large events of this type as well as the travel to and from them. Although we believe we take appropriate safety and financial precautions in connection with our events, possible difficulties could occur including air and land travel interruption or accidents, the spread of illness, injuries resulting from building problems, pyrotechnics or other equipment malfunction, terrorism or other violence, local labor strikes and other "force majeure" type events. These issues could result in canceled events and other disruptions to our business for which we do not carry business interruption insurance, or could result in liability to other parties.  Any of these risks could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. \n We continue to face certain risks relating to our feature film business, which could result in higher production costs and asset impairment charges, which could adversely affect our financial condition or our results of operations. \n We have substantial capitalized film costs. The accounting for our film business in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles entails significant judgment used to develop estimates of expected future revenues from films. If expected revenue from one or more of our films does not materialize because audience demand does not meet expectations, our estimated revenues may not be sufficient to recoup our investment in the film. If actual revenues are lower than our estimated revenues or if costs are higher than expected, we may be required to record an impairment charge and write down the capitalized costs of the film.  No assurance can be given that we will not record additional impairment charges in future periods. In addition capitalized film costs are reflected net of certain production tax incentives granted by various governmental authorities. Our ability to realize these credits may be limited by changes in the legislation governing the incentives and/or the economic environment. The inability to realize these credits would have the effect of increasing our overall production costs. \n In addition to the risks noted above relating to the launch of our new WWE Network, we could face a variety of risks if we expand into other new and complementary businesses and/or make certain investments. \n We have entered into new or complementary businesses and made investments in other companies in the past and plan to continue to do so in the future.   Risks of expansion may include, among other risks: potential diversion of management’s attention and other resources, including available cash, from our existing businesses; unanticipated liabilities or contingencies; reduced earnings due to increased amortization, impairment charges and other costs; competition from other companies with more experience in such businesses; and possible additional regulatory requirements and compliance costs which could affect our business, financial condition and operating results. \n We face various risks relating to our computer systems and online operations, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition or our results of operations. \n The Company faces the risk of a security breach or disruption, whether through external cyber intrusion or from persons with access to systems inside our organization. Although the Company makes significant efforts to maintain the security of its computer systems, and it has implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that these security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging or that the Company would be promptly aware of them. The Company and certain of its third party service providers receive personal information through web services which will include our new WWE Network, and in many instances this information is subject to the Company's privacy policies.  Personal information received by our service providers includes credit card information in certain instances, most notably our new WWE Network and WWEShop, the Company's internet retail operations. The Company expends significant effort to ensure compliance with its privacy policy and to ensure that our service providers safeguard credit card information including contractually requiring those providers to remain compliant with applicable PCI Data Security Standards. However, a significant security breach or other disruption involving the Company's computer systems could disrupt the proper functioning of these systems and therefore the Company's  operations (for which we do not carry business interruption insurance); result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information; require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that could result; and subject the Company to litigation or damage to its reputation.  Any or all of these could have a negative impact on our financial condition or results of operations. \n A decline in general economic conditions or disruption of financial markets may, among other things, reduce the discretionary income of consumers or erode advertising markets, which could adversely affect our business. \n Our operations are affected by general economic conditions, which affect consumers’ disposable income. The demand for entertainment and leisure activities tends to be highly sensitive to the level of consumers’ disposable income. Declines in general economic conditions could reduce the level of discretionary income that our fans and potential fans have to spend on our live and televised entertainment, including WWE Network, and consumer products, which could adversely affect our revenues. Volatility and disruption of financial markets could limit our clients’, licensees’ and distributors’ ability to obtain adequate financing to maintain operations and result in a decrease in sales volume that could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our television partners derive revenues from the sale of advertising. We also sell advertising directly on our website and in our magazines and, depending upon the distribution methods used to monetize additional content, we may have additional advertising to sell. Softness in the advertising markets, due to a weak economic environment or otherwise, could adversely affect our revenues or the financial viability of our distributors. \n Our accounts receivable represent a significant portion of our current assets and relate principally to a limited number of distributors and licensees, increasing our exposure to bad debts and could potentially have a material adverse affect on our results of operations. \n A substantial portion of our accounts receivable are from distributors of our pay-per-view, television, home video and magazine products and licensees who produce consumer products containing our intellectual trademarks. The concentration of our accounts receivable across a limited number of distributors subjects us to individual credit risk with respect to such parties. Additionally, adverse changes in general economic conditions and/or contraction in global credit markets could precipitate liquidity problems among our debtors, including our key distributors and/or licensees. This could increase our exposure to losses from bad debts and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. \n Our ability to access our revolving credit facility may be limited due to certain financial covenants and restrictions. \n We believe that during the next twelve months we will have access to funds under the credit facility, if needed, however this will require the amendment of certain covenants. While we believe our lenders would consent to this amendment, no assurance can be given in this regard. In the event the Company falls out of compliance with one or more of the debt covenants under the facility we may not be successful in obtaining an amendment or waiver for any such non-compliance.  Additionally while we may be able to amend the facility, such amendment may be on less advantageous terms. Our inability to obtain adequate capital could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and operating results. \n We could incur substantial liabilities if litigation is resolved unfavorably. \n In the ordinary course of business we become subject to various complaints and litigation matters. The outcome of litigation is inherently difficult to assess and quantify, and the defense against such claims or actions can be costly and time consuming for management. Any adverse judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. \n Failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock. \n We believe that the price of our stock generally reflects high market expectations for our future operating results.  Any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including as a result of a failure to renew domestic television agreements on favorable terms, and/or the failure of WWE Network to achieve expectations, could cause the market price of our stock to decline. \n Through his beneficial ownership of a majority of our Class B common stock, Mr. McMahon can exercise control over our affairs, and his interests may conflict with the holders of our Class A common stock. \n We have Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The holders of Class A common stock generally have rights identical to holders of Class B common stock, except that holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Holders of both classes of common stock generally will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable Delaware law. \n A substantial majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock is owned beneficially by Vincent K. McMahon. Mr. McMahon controls a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Through his beneficial ownership of a substantial majority of our Class B common stock, Mr. McMahon effectively can exercise control over our affairs, and his interest could conflict with the holders of our Class A common stock. In addition, the voting power of Mr. McMahon through his ownership of our Class B common stock could discourage others from initiating potential mergers, takeovers or other change of control transactions. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. \n To the extent the Company’s dividend distributions represent a return of capital for tax purposes, shareholders will recognize an increased capital gain upon a subsequent sale of the Company’s Common Stock. \n The Company’s aggregate dividend distributions paid in 2013 were in excess of its current and accumulated earnings and profits calculated under applicable Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) provisions. Under the IRC, distributions in excess of both the Company’s current earnings and profits and the Company’s accumulated earnings and profits constitute a return of capital and reduce the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in its Common Stock. If a stockholder’s adjusted basis in its Common Stock is reduced to zero, these excess distributions thereafter constitute a capital gain to the stockholder. \n Our dividend is significant and is affected by a number of factors. \n Our Board of Directors regularly evaluates the Company’s Common Stock dividend policy and determines the dividend rate each quarter. The level of dividends will continue to be influenced by many factors, including, among other things, our liquidity and historical and projected cash flow, our strategic plan (including alternative uses of capital), our financial results and condition, contractual and legal restrictions on the payment of dividends (including under our revolving credit facility), general economic and competitive conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors may consider relevant from time to time. We cannot assure our stockholders that dividends will be paid in the future, or that, if paid, dividends will be at the same amount or with the same frequency as in the past. Any reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price. \n A substantial number of shares are eligible for sale by Mr. McMahon and members of his family or trusts established for their benefit, and the sale of those shares could lower our stock price. \n All of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock are held by Vincent McMahon and other members of the McMahon family and trusts set up for these family members. Sales of substantial amounts of these shares, or the perception that such sales could occur, may lower the prevailing market price of our Class A common stock. If any sales or transfers of Class B common stock were to occur to persons outside of the McMahon family, the shares would automatically convert into Class A common stock. \n Our Class A common stock has a relatively small public "float." \n Historically, as a result of our relatively small public float, our Class A common stock has been less liquid than the common stock of companies with broader public ownership, and the trading prices for our Class A common stock have been more volatile than generally may be the case for more widely-held common stock. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our Class A common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price of our Class A common stock than would be the case if our public float were larger.