RISK FACTORS 
 Our business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks as well as the other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document,
particularly the discussions about regulation, competition and intellectual property. The trading price of our Class B common stock could decline due to any of these risks. 
 Risks Related to Our Telecommunications Businesses 
 Each of our telecommunications lines of business is highly sensitive to declining
prices, which may adversely affect our revenues and margins. 
 The worldwide telecommunications industry has been characterized in recent
years by intense price competition, which has resulted in declines in both our average per-minute price realizations and our average per-minute termination costs, as well as decreases in our revenue. Many of our competitors continue to aggressively
price their services. The intense competition has led to continued erosion in our pricing power, in both our calling card and wholesale markets, and we have generally had to pass along all or some of the savings we achieve on our per-minute costs to
our customers in the form of lower prices. Any increase by us in pricing may result in our prices not being as attractive, which may result in a reduction of revenue. If these trends in pricing continue or increase, it could have a material adverse
effect on the revenues generated by our telecommunications businesses and/or our gross margins. 
 Because our prepaid products generate a significant portion of our revenue, our growth and our results of operations are substantially dependent upon growth in this business, and we continue to face significant
competition in our prepaid products business which has adversely affected our revenue and profitability in recent years and may continue to adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 Because of the significant percentage of our revenues generated by our prepaid products business, our results of operations and future growth significantly depend on the performance of our prepaid
products business. We compete in the calling card market with many of the established facilities-based carriers, such as at&t and Verizon. These companies are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, engineering, personnel and
marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and larger customer bases than we do. The use by these competitors of their resources in the calling card market could significantly impact our ability to compete against them
successfully. 
 In addition to these larger competitors, we face
significant competition from smaller calling card providers, who from time-to-time offer rates that are substantially below our rates, and in some instances below what we believe to be the cost to provide the service, in order to gain market share.
This type of pricing by one or more competitors can adversely affect our revenues, as they gain market share at our expense, and our gross margins, if we lower rates in order to better compete. 
 The continued growth of the use of wireless services and Internet
protocol-based services, largely due to lower pricing of such services, have adversely affected the sales of our calling cards as customers migrate from using calling cards to using these alternative services. We expect pricing of wireless and
IP-based services to continue to decrease, which may result in increased substitution and increased pricing pressure on our calling card sales and margins. 
 If we are not able to increase or maintain our revenue and margins generated from prepaid products, our overall results of operations could materially
suffer. Further, if our competitors continue to utilize their greater resources or to operate at lower levels of profitability in order to more aggressively market their products and services, this significant portion of our business could be
adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to obtain sufficient or cost-effective termination capacity to particular destinations. 
 Most of our telecommunications traffic is terminated through third-party providers. In order to support our minutes-of-use demands and
geographic footprint, we may need to obtain additional termination capacity or destinations. We may not be able to obtain sufficient termination capacity from high-quality carriers to particular destinations or may have to pay significant amounts to
obtain such capacity. This could result in our not being able to support our minutes-of-use demands or in a higher cost-per-minute to particular destinations, which could adversely affect our revenues and margins. 
 The termination of our carrier agreements with foreign partners or our inability to
enter into carrier agreements in the future could materially and adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our revenues and profits. 
 We rely upon our carrier agreements with foreign partners in order to provide our telecommunications services to our customers. These carrier agreements are for finite terms and, therefore, there can be
no guarantee that these agreements will be renewed at all or on favorable terms to us. Our ability to compete would be adversely affected if our carrier agreements were terminated or we were unable to enter into carrier agreements in the future to
provide our telecommunications services to our customers, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and profits. 
 Our customers, particularly our wholesale carrier customers, could experience financial difficulties, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability
if we experience difficulties in collecting our receivables. 
 As a provider of international long distance services, we depend upon sales
of transmission and termination of traffic to other long distance providers and the collection of receivables from these customers. The wholesale market continues to feature many smaller, less financially stable companies. If weakness in the
telecommunications industry or the global economy reduces our ability to collect our accounts receivable from our major customers, particularly our wholesale carrier customers, our profitability may be substantially reduced. Moreover, the recent
economic recession both in the United States and elsewhere may affect our customers’ access to liquidity and impair our ability to collect on receivables. While our most significant customers, from a revenue perspective, vary from quarter to
quarter, our five largest wholesale carrier customers accounted for 5.3% of our total consolidated revenues from continuing operations in fiscal 2011 compared with 5.8% in fiscal 2010. This concentration of revenues increases our exposure to
non-payment by our larger customers, and we may experience significant write-offs related to the provision of wholesale carrier services if any of our large customers fail to pay their outstanding balances, which could adversely affect our revenues
and profitability. 
 Our revenues will continue to suffer if our
distributors and sales representatives fail to effectively market and distribute our prepaid calling card products and other services. 
 We
currently rely on our distributors and representatives for marketing and distribution of our prepaid calling card products and other services. We utilize a network of several hundred sub-distributors that sell our prepaid calling cards to retail
outlets throughout most of the United States. 
 In foreign
countries, we are dependent upon our distributors and independent sales representatives, many of which also sell services or products of other companies. As a result, we cannot control whether these foreign distributors and sales representatives
will devote sufficient efforts to selling our services. In addition, we may not succeed in finding capable distributors, retailers and sales representatives in new markets that we may enter. If our distributors or sales representatives fail to
effectively market or distribute our prepaid calling card products and other services, our ability to generate revenues and grow our customer base could be substantially impaired. 
 Natural or man-made disasters could have an adverse effect on our technological
infrastructure. 
 Natural disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology
security may cause equipment failures or disrupt our operations. Our inability to operate our telecommunications networks as a result of such events, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses and/or
loss of market share to other communications providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to IDT Energy 
 The ESCO business is highly competitive, so we may be forced to cut prices or incur additional costs. 
 IDT Energy faces substantial competition both from the traditional incumbent utilities as well as from other ESCOs, including ESCO affiliates of the
incumbent utilities in specific territories. As a result, we may be forced 
 to reduce prices, incur increased costs or lose market share. We compete on the basis of provision of services, customer service and price. Present or future competitors may have greater
financial, technical or other resources which could put us at a disadvantage. 
 IDT Energy’s growth depends on its ability to enter new markets. 
 New markets for our business are determined based on many factors, which include the regulatory environment, as well as IDT Energy’s ability to procure energy in an efficient and transparent manner.
We seek to purchase wholesale energy where there is a real time market that reflects a fair price for the commodity for all participants. Once new markets are determined to be suitable for IDT Energy, we will incur significant customer acquisition
costs and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in new markets. Furthermore, there are regulatory differences between the markets that we currently operate in and new markets, including, but not limited to, exposure to credit risk,
additional churn caused by tariff requirements, rate-setting requirements and incremental billing costs. 
 Unfair business practices or other activities of ESCO’s may adversely affect us. 
 Competitors in
the highly competitive ESCO market engage in unfair business practices to sign up new customers. Competitors engaging in unfair business practices create an unfavorable impression about our industry on consumers. Such unfair practices by other
companies can adversely affect our ability to grow or maintain our customer base. The successes, failures or other activities of various ESCOs within the markets that we serve may impact how we are perceived in the market. 
 Demand for ESCO services and consumption by customers are significantly related to
weather conditions. 
 Typically, colder winters and hotter summers create higher demand and consumption for natural gas and electricity,
respectively. Milder than normal winters and/or summers may reduce the demand for our energy services, thus negatively impacting our financial results. 
 Our current strategy is based on current regulatory conditions and assumptions, which could change or prove to be incorrect. 
 Regulation over the electricity and natural gas markets has been in flux at the state and federal levels. In particular, any changes adopted by FERC, or
changes in state or federal laws or regulations (including greenhouse gas laws) may affect the prices at which IDT Energy purchases electricity or natural gas for its customers. While we endeavor to pass along increases in costs to our customers
pursuant to our variable rate customer offerings, we may not always be able to do so due to competitive market forces and the risk of losing our customer base. In addition, potential regulatory changes may impact our ability to use our established
sales and marketing channels. Any changes in these factors, or any significant changes in industry development, could have an adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and growth or threaten the viability of our current business model. 
 Regulatory conditions can affect the amount of taxes and fees we need to
pay and our pricing advantages. 
 We are subject to audits in various jurisdictions, including New York, for various taxes, including income
tax, utility excise tax, and sales and use tax. Aggressive stances taken recently by regulators increase the likelihood of our having to pay additional taxes and fees in connection with these audits. In the future, we may seek to pass such charges
along to our customers, which could have an adverse impact on our pricing advantages. 
 Commodity price volatility could have an adverse effect on our direct cost of revenues and our results of operations. 
 Volatility in the markets for certain commodities can have an adverse impact on our costs for the purchase of the electricity and natural gas that IDT Energy sells to its customers. We may not always
choose to pass along increases in costs to our customers to protect overall customer satisfaction. This would have an adverse impact on our margins and results of operations. Alternatively, volatility in pricing for IDT Energy’s products
related to the cost of the underlying commodities can lead to increased customer churn. 
 We face risks that are beyond our control due to our reliance on third parties and our general reliance on the electrical power and transmission infrastructure within the United States. 
 Our ability to provide energy delivery and commodity services depends on the operations and facilities of third parties, including, among others, BP,
NYISO and PJM. Our reliance on the electrical power generation and transmission infrastructure within the United States makes us vulnerable to large-scale power blackouts. The loss of use or destruction of third party facilities that are used in
providing our services due to extreme weather 
 conditions, breakdowns, war, acts of terrorism or other occurrences could greatly reduce our potential earnings and cash flows. 
 The ESCO business, including our relationship with our suppliers, is dependent on access to capital and liquidity, which may be
limited under current circumstances. 
 Our business involves entering into contracts to purchase large quantities of electricity and natural
gas. Because of seasonal fluctuations, we are generally required to purchase electricity or natural gas in advance. IDT Energy has a Preferred Supplier Agreement with BP pursuant to which BP charges IDT Energy a financing fee based on volumetric
loads of electricity and natural gas purchased. In addition to other advantages of this agreement, we are no longer required to post security with most suppliers other than BP. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the required
covenants, that BP will be able to maintain their required credit rating, or that the agreement will be renewed upon its expiration in June 2014. In addition, the security requirements outside of the BP agreement may increase as we enter other
markets. Difficulty in obtaining adequate credit and liquidity on commercially reasonable terms may adversely affect our business, prospects and financial conditions. 
 A revision to certain utility best practices and programs in which we participate
and with which we comply could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results and operations. 
 Certain retail access “best
practices” and programs proposed and/or required by state regulators have been implemented by utilities in most of the service territories in which we operate. One such practice in New York is participation in purchase of receivables, or POR,
programs under which certain utilities purchase customer receivables for approximately 98% of their face value in exchange for a first priority lien in the customer receivables without recourse against an ESCO. This program is a key to our control
of bad debt risk in our ESCO business in New York and a similar program is important to us in Pennsylvania. In the event that POR programs or any other best practice or program were to be revised or eliminated by state regulators or the individual
utilities, we would need to adjust our current strategy regarding customer acquisition and our focus on the growth of our customer base. We would also need to adjust our current business plan to reduce our exposure to existing customers who may pose
a bad debt risk. Any failure to properly respond to changing conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 
 In New Jersey, customers who are delinquent in paying their invoices are no longer eligible to receive a consolidated utility invoice. A consolidated
utility invoice is similar to a purchase of receivables program since the utility has the responsibility to bill the customer and collect the receivable. Instead, those customers are switched to a dual bill arrangement whereby IDT Energy is
responsible to bill and collect the commodity portion of the customers’ invoices. Once we invoice these customers under a dual bill arrangement, we have bad debt risk associated with that portion of our revenues. Economic conditions, the
creditworthiness of our customers in New Jersey and our ability to collect from these customers, among other things, may impact our profitability. 
 In addition, on June 23, 2008, the NYPSC issued its Order Establishing Energy Efficiency Portfolio Standard, or EEPS, and Approving Programs setting
a goal of gradually reducing electricity usage by 15% statewide by 2015 and requiring the utilities to file energy efficiency programs consistent with the policies and cost/benefit factors adopted by the NYPSC. Since June 2009, the Commission has
approved over 90 electric and natural gas energy efficiency programs to implement the EEPS policy. We cannot predict the impact of the EEPS on the electricity usage of our customers. There could be an adverse effect on the result of operations of
our ESCO business if the EEPS results in a reduction in the aggregate amount of customer demand. 
 The ESCO business depends on the continuing efforts of our management team and our personnel with strong industry or operational knowledge and our efforts may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 
 Our success depends on key members of our management team, the loss of whom could disrupt our business operation. Our business also
requires a capable, well-trained workforce to operate effectively. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our qualified personnel, the loss of which may adversely affect our business, prospects and financial conditions. 
 The ESCO business relies on information systems. 
 We depend on our information systems and related computer hardware as well as on the information systems of third parties. Failure of our systems or of
third party systems could result in suspension of our ESCO license and would cause a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flow and reputation with our customers and/or regulators. 
 Risks Related to Genie Oil and Gas 
 We have no current production of oil and gas and we may never have any. 
 We do not have any current production of oil and gas. We cannot assure you that we will produce or market shale oil or gas at all or in
commercially profitable quantities. Our ability to produce and market oil and gas may depend upon our ability to develop and operate our planned projects and facilities, which may be affected by events or conditions that impact the advancement,
operation, cost or results of such projects or facilities, including: 
 Energy commodity prices relative to production costs; 
 The occurrence of unforeseen technical difficulties; 
 The outcome of negotiations with potential partners, governmental agencies, regulatory bodies, suppliers, customers or others; 
 Changes to existing legislation or regulation governing our current or planned operations; 
 Our ability to obtain all the necessary permits to operate our facilities; 
 Changes in operating conditions and costs, including costs of third-party equipment or services such as drilling and processing and access to power
sources; and 
 Security concerns or acts of terrorism that threaten or disrupt the safe operation of company facilities. 
 In-situ technology for the extraction of oil and gas from oil shale is in its early
stages of development and has not been deployed commercially at large scale. AMSO, LLC and IEI may not be able to develop environmentally acceptable and economically viable technology in connection therewith. 
 Our strategy is predicated on the production and extraction of unconventional resources, defined as any resource other than the traditional oil well. Our
initial activity is in the in-situ production of oil and gas from oil shale which is typically more costly and is less established technically than traditional oil and gas production and therefore incurs a higher degree of technology risk. The
greater cost increases the risk that we will not be profitable given commodity price fluctuations, assuming we enter into commercial production. 
 Operating hazards and uninsured risks with respect to the oil and gas operations may have material adverse effects on our operations. 
 Our research, exploration and, if successful, development and production operations are subject to risks similar to those normally incident to the
exploration for and the development and production of oil and gas, including blowouts, subsidence, uncontrollable flows of oil, gas or well fluids, fires, pollution and other environmental and operating risks. These hazards could result in
substantial losses due to injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, pollution and other environmental damage and suspension of operations. While as a matter of practice we have insurance against some or all
of these risks, such insurance may not cover the particular hazard and may not be sufficient to cover all losses. The occurrence of a significant event adversely affecting any of our operations could have a material adverse effect on us, could
materially affect our continued operations and could expose us to material liability. 
 Genie Oil and Gas’ dependence on contractors, equipment and professional services that have limited availability could result in increased costs and possibly material delays in their respective work
schedules. 
 Due to the lack of available technical resources with in-situ hydrocarbon production experience, the costs for our operations
may be more expensive than planned or there could be delays in our operating plans. We are also more likely to incur delays in our drilling and operating schedule and we may not be able to meet our required work schedule. Similarly, some of the
professional personnel we need for our planned operations are not available in Israel or are not available on short notice for work in Israel, and, therefore, we may need to use overseas contractors for various projects. Any or all of the factors
specified above may result in increased costs and delays in our work schedule. 
 Genie Oil and Gas will require substantial funds and will need to raise additional capital in the future. 
 We will need substantial funds to fully execute our research and development activities, and, if those activities are successful we will need additional substantial funds to commence our anticipated
commercial operations, if any. Failure to secure adequate funding could adversely affect our ability to advance our strategic plans as currently contemplated and require us to delay, scale back, or shut down our operations. 
 In January 2011, Total completed funding of its committed capital
contributions to AMSO, LLC, and, accordingly, Total has the option to terminate its obligations to make additional capital contributions and withdraw 
 as a member of AMSO, LLC. If Total exercises this option and terminates its future funding, we will need to find other sources of funding or otherwise risk shutting down AMSO, LLC’s
operations. 
 Genie Oil and Gas’ success depends on the continuing
efforts of key personnel and certain strategic partners, and our efforts may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 
 Our future
success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to attract and retain qualified technical personnel particularly those with expertise in the oil and gas industry and with in-situ hydrocarbon projects. There is substantial competition for
qualified technical personnel, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain our qualified technical personnel. Specifically, we heavily rely on the services of the members of the management and technical teams at
AMSO, LLC and IEI, including Harold Vinegar, PhD at IEI and Alan Burnham, PhD at AMSO, LLC, for their technical expertise, assistance in the development of our intellectual property and guidance on building out a pilot/commercial facility for
potential commercial production. In addition, AMSO, LLC is dependent on Total (as discussed more fully under Item 1 to Part I “Business” in this Annual Report) for technical expertise, financial support and guidance. 
 The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these people and/or the
technical expertise and support of certain partners, and the ability to find suitable replacements within a reasonable period of time thereafter, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 There are uncertainties associated with AMSO, LLC’s lease and IEI’s
license. 
 AMSO, LLC’s lease for research, development and demonstration, or RD&D Lease, runs for a 10-year period expiring at the
end of 2016, with a possible extension of up to 5-years upon demonstration that a process leading up to the production of commercial quantities of shale oil is diligently being pursued. The terms of the RD&D Lease do not guarantee that the U.S.
Bureau of Land Management will grant a commercial lease. Further, there is significant environmental opposition to the commercial production of shale oil. Under current regulation, there are numerous conditions and requirements, the evaluation of
which is subject to considerable discretion by the BLM, that AMSO, LLC will have to satisfy in order to convert its RD&D Lease into a commercial lease prior to the expiration of the RD&D Lease term. These conditions, which are more fully
discussed under Item 1 to Part I “Business” in this Annual Report, require AMSO, LLC to demonstrate, among other things, an economically viable commercial production process which will likely depend upon the prices of competing
products, including conventional oil. There can be no assurance that AMSO, LLC will satisfy all of these conditions and requirements. Additionally, there have been proposed changes to the regulations governing commercial leases such as the lease
into which AMSO, LLC intends to convert its RD&D Lease. The BLM recently announced their intention to issue new commercial oil shale regulations, which could affect the commercial royalty rates and the conversion criteria. Although the
conversion terms of AMSO, LLC’s RD&D Lease provide for applicability of the existing regulatory scheme, we cannot assure you that we will not be subjected to more restrictive or less favorable regulations. 
 IEI holds an exclusive Shale Oil Exploration and Production License that
expires in July 2012. The initial term of the license was for three years until July 2011. The license was extended for an additional year, and it may be further extended in one year increments until July 2015 (the maximum term of a license under
Israeli Law is seven years). Although the license may be further extended and IEI may also apply for a new license, there is no guarantee the license will be extended, that a new license would be granted or that the license will not be successfully
challenged by environmental or other opposition groups. IEI’s project may be delayed or even suspended if IEI loses its license as a result of the legal proceedings filed by the Israel Union for Environmental Defense (see Item 3 to Part I
“Legal Proceedings” elsewhere in this Annual Report). In addition, the license is subject to certain conditions and milestones and the failure to reach those milestones may result in the termination, revocation, suspension or limitation of
the license. 
 Genie Oil and Gas is subject to regulatory, legal and
political risks that may limit its operations. 
 Our operations and potential earnings may be affected from time to time in varying degree
by regulatory, legal and political factors including laws and regulations related to environmental or energy security matters, including those addressing alternative and renewable energy sources and the risks of global climate change. Such laws and
regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to, among other things: 
 The discharge of pollutants into the environment; 
 The handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal and cleanup of hazardous materials and hazardous and nonhazardous wastes; 
 The dismantlement, abandonment and restoration of our properties and facilities at the end of their useful lives; 
 Restrictions on exploration and production; 
 Loss of petroleum rights including key leases, licenses or permits; 
 Tax or royalty increases, including retroactive claims; 
 Intellectual property challenges that would limit our ability to use our planned in-situ production technologies; and 
 Political instability, war or other conflicts in areas where we operate. 
 For example, in March 2011, the Israeli Parliament passed a new bill materially increasing the overall taxes, royalties and
other fees due to the Israeli government from revenues derived by oil and natural gas producers. The Israeli Income Tax Ordinance was revised accordingly and the amount payable to the government from revenues derived by oil and natural gas producers
increased from a maximum of 32% to 52%. This tax will only be imposed once a project has passed certain milestones set forth in the ordinance (when the profits derived from a certain field have reached 150% of the original investment in that field). 
 AMSO, LLC’s RD&D Lease is subject to other third party lease
interests. 
 There are other mineral leases which are collocated with AMSO, LLC’s lease interests, including the territory designated
for AMSO, LLC’s commercial lease conversion. While some of these other leases are subject to special oil shale stipulations requiring the leaseholders to minimize potential impacts and prevent interference with oil shale development,
others are not. Although AMSO, LLC works to coordinate drilling plans and operations with these collocated leaseholders to preserve the integrity of its resource and operations, we cannot guaranty that these collocated leases will not interfere
with AMSO, LLC’s operations. 
 Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions
could increase Genie Oil and Gas’ operational costs, cause delays and/or restrict our operations. 
 The production and processing of
oil shale will result in some emission of greenhouse gases. International agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse emissions are currently in various phases of discussion or implementation. The
Kyoto Protocol and other actual or pending federal, state and local regulations, envision a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through market-based trading schemes. As a result of these and other potential environmental regulations, if our
research and development activities are successful and we eventually begin commercial production, we can expect to incur additional capital, compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. To the extent these costs are not ultimately
reflected in the price of the products we sell, our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 The oil and gas industry is subject to the general inherent industry and economic risks. 
 The oil and
gas business is fundamentally a commodity business. This means that potential future commercial operations and earnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil and gas prices and by changes in margins on gasoline, natural gas and other
refined products. 
 We may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation
claims by third parties, which, if determined adversely to us, could cause us to lose significant rights and pay significant damage awards. 
 Our success also depends largely on our ability to use and develop our technology and know-how without infringing the intellectual property rights of
third parties. The validity and scope of claims relating to our technology involve complex scientific, legal and factual questions and analysis. It is therefore difficult to accurately predict whether or not a third party will assert that we are
infringing on its intellectual property or whether it would prevail. Although we are not currently aware of any infringement or of any parties pursuing or intending to pursue infringement claims against us, we cannot assure you that we will not be
subject to such claims in the future. Also, in many jurisdictions, patent applications remain confidential and are not published for some period after filing. Thus, we may be unaware of other parties’ pending patent applications that relate to
our processes. While at present we are unaware of competing patent applications, such applications could potentially surface. 
 The defense and prosecution of intellectual property suits, patent opposition proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both
costly and time consuming and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. An adverse determination in any such litigation or proceedings to which we may become a party could subject us to significant
liability to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties, to pay ongoing royalties, to redesign our products, or subject us to injunctions prohibiting the manufacture and sale of our products or the use of our technologies. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 
 We hold significant cash, cash equivalents and investments that are subject to
various market risks. 
 As of July 31, 2011, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and certificates of
deposit of $264.4 million. As of July 31, 2011, we also had $5.7 million in investments in hedge funds, of which $0.2 million was included in “Investments-short term” and $5.5 million was included in “Investments-long-term”
in our consolidated balance sheet. These hedge funds carry a degree of risk, as there can be no assurance that we can redeem these investments at any time and that the managers of the hedge funds in which we have invested will be able to accurately
predict the course of price movements of securities and other instruments and, in general, the securities markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. As a result of these different market risks, our
holdings of cash, cash equivalents and investments could be materially and adversely affected. 
 See “Risks Relating to the Genie Spin-Off” below 
 Intellectual Property, Tax, Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 We may be adversely affected if we fail to protect our proprietary technology. 
 We depend on proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights in conducting our various business operations. We rely on a
combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Failure of our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements
and other measures to provide protection of our technology and our intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to more effectively compete with us and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 In addition, we may be required to litigate in the
future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any such litigation could result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any such litigation. 
 We may be subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property rights of
others. 
 From time to time we may be subject to claims and legal proceedings from third parties regarding alleged infringement by us of
trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights. Such suits can be expensive and time consuming and could distract us and our management from focusing on our businesses. Further, loss of such suits could result in financial
burdens and the requirement to modify our modes of operation, which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to tax and regulatory audits which could result in the imposition of liabilities that may or may not have been reserved. 
 We are subject to audits by taxing and regulatory authorities with respect to certain of our income and operations. These audits can cover periods for several years prior to the date the audit is
undertaken and could result in the imposition of liabilities, interest and penalties if our positions are not accepted by the auditing entity. Our financial statements contain reserves for certain of such liabilities, but we do not reserve for
liabilities that we do not reasonably expect to be imposed. 
 On
February 10, 2006, Universal Service Administrative Company, or USAC, notified us that it issued an Audit Report from its Internal Audit Division, or IAD. In calendar year 2005, the IAD audited our FCC Form 499-A filings for calendar years 2000
through 2004 related to the payments to the Universal Service Fund, and concluded that we incorrectly reported certain revenues on Forms 499-A. USAC directed us to refile our Forms 499-A for calendar years 2002 through 2004 in a manner consistent
with the IAD’s findings. We did not refile the Forms 499-A, as we believe the IAD is mistaken in certain conclusions regarding the treatment of our revenues. USAC, however, filed the forms on our behalf, which we believe to be impermissible
under the FCC’s rules and regulations. 
 In calendar year
2008, the IAD audited our FCC Form 499-A filings for calendar years 2005 and 2006. In connection therewith, USAC issued an Audit Report from its IAD finding, as it found in its prior Audit Report, that we incorrectly reported certain revenues on
Forms 499-A. USAC directed us to refile our Forms 499-A for calendar year 2005 in a manner consistent with the IAD’s findings. We did not refile the Forms 499-A, as we believed the IAD is mistaken in certain conclusions regarding the treatment
of our revenues. Whereas USAC 
 filed certain Forms 499-A on our behalf over our objection in the first audit, USAC has not yet filed any Forms 499-A on our behalf as a result of the second audit. We filed with the FCC a
“Request for Review” of the Audit Report, which remains pending as of the date we are filing this Annual Report. 
 USAC’s revisions in both audits to our filing methodology resulted in additional regulatory payments for the years covered by the audit. While we
believe in the accuracy of our filing methodology and our Request for Review remains pending, we have implemented some of the revisions set forth in the IAD’s filings beginning with our calendar year 2010 Form 499-A. We have accrued for all
regulatory fees we believe may be incurred under IAD’s methodology from 2002 through the present, in the event our Request for Review is denied and/or our methodology is not upheld on appeal, and we have made certain payments on amounts that
have been invoiced to us by USAC and/or other agencies. We anticipate receiving additional invoices in the near future for our most recent audit. If we receive such invoices, we will likely remit payment for those invoices while our Request for
Review remains pending. As of July 31, 2011, our accrued expenses included $24.4 million for these regulatory fees for the years covered by the audit and subsequent years through fiscal 2011. Until a final decision has been reached in our
disputes, we will continue to accrue in accordance with IAD’s methodology. If we do not properly calculate, or have not properly calculated, the amount payable by us to the Universal Service Fund, we may be subject to interest and penalties. 
 We are subject to value added tax, or VAT, audits from
time-to-time in various jurisdictions. In the conduct of such audits, we may be required to disclose information of a sensitive nature and, in general, to modify the way we have conducted business with our distributors until the present, which may
affect our business in an adverse manner. 
 On August 5, 2011,
the Administrative Court in Gothenburg, Sweden rejected our appeal and upheld the Swedish Tax Agency’s imposition of a VAT assessment including penalties and interest of approximately SEK 147 million ($23.3 million) for the period from
January 2004 through June 2008. If the VAT for these periods is ultimately held payable, it is likely that the Swedish Tax Agency also will request VAT for periods subsequent to June 2008. Our potential exposure for VAT, penalties and interest for
the period from July 2008 through July 2011 is an additional SEK 38 million ($6.0 million). We have appealed this decision to the Administrative Court of Appeal in Gothenburg. After completing a comprehensive review, which included consultation
with our outside legal counsel, we concluded that the claims asserted in the judgment are not supported by Swedish law. Further, we concluded that the Administrative Court in Gothenburg made multiple errors resulting in the judgment and that these
errors constitute grounds for a successful appeal and, as a result, the judgment against us should ultimately be reversed and we should prevail without a liability being incurred. We, therefore, have determined that a loss from this judgment is not
probable and accordingly have not recorded an accrual for this matter. However, if we do not prevail in our appeal, imposition of assessments and penalties will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition. 
 We are also subject to audits in various jurisdictions
for various taxes, including utility excise tax, sales and use tax, communications services tax, gross receipts tax and property tax. As of July 31, 2011, we had accrued an aggregate of $7.0 million related to these audits. The following is a
summary of the more significant audits: 
 In June 2010, the New York City Finance Department notified us that it is conducting a utility tax audit on IDT Energy’s electricity sales for the
period from June 1, 2007 through December 31, 2008. The notice of audit related to the collection and remittance of utility taxes from IDT Energy customers. In June 2011, IDT Energy received a Notice of Proposed Tax Adjustments from the
New York City Finance Department related to this audit that included aggregate assessments of tax, interest and penalties of $7.2 million. In addition, IDT Energy’s potential exposure for tax, interest and penalties for the period from
January 1, 2009 through July 31, 2011 is an additional $6.2 million. 
 In December 2010, the New Jersey Division of Taxation filed a Certificate of Debt related to the sales and use tax audit that resulted in the entry of
a Judgment in the amount of $2.1 million, which allows the Division of Taxation to place a lien or levy on our assets. 
 In January 2011 and May 2011, we received Notices of Proposed Tax Adjustments from the New York City Finance Department related to the utility excise
tax audit of IDT Telecom that included aggregate assessments of tax, interest and penalties of $2.5 million. 
 In May 2011, we received a Notice of Proposed Assessment from the Florida Department of Revenue related to communications services tax that included an
aggregate assessment of tax and interest of $2.7 million. 
 We believe that we have adequately provided for all of the obligations for these taxes, however amounts asserted by taxing authorities or the amount ultimately assessed against us could be greater than
the accrued amounts. Accordingly, additional provisions may be recorded in the future as revised estimates are made or underlying matters are settled or resolved. Imposition of assessments as a result of audits related to these other taxes could
have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Federal and state regulations may be passed that could harm Net2Phone’s business. 
 Net2Phone’s ability to provide VoIP communications services at attractive rates arises in large part from the fact that VoIP services are not
currently subject to the same level of regulation as traditional, switch-based telephony. The use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide voice communications services is largely unregulated within the United States, although several
foreign governments have adopted laws and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks. If interconnected VoIP services become subject to state regulation
and/or additional regulation by the FCC, such regulation will likely lead to higher costs and reduce or eliminate the competitive advantage interconnected VoIP holds, by virtue of its lesser regulatory oversight, over traditional telecommunications
services. More aggressive regulation of the Internet in general, and Internet telephony providers and services specifically, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to offer services outside of the United States is subject to the local
regulatory environment, which may be unfavorable, complicated and often uncertain. 
 Regulatory treatment outside the United States varies
from country to country. We distribute our products and services through resellers that may be subject to telecommunications regulations in their home countries. The failure of these resellers to comply with these laws and regulations could reduce
our revenue and profitability, or expose us to audits and other regulatory proceedings. Regulatory developments such as these could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 In many countries in which we operate or our services are sold, the status of the laws that may relate to our services is
unclear. We cannot be certain that our customers, resellers, or other affiliates are currently in compliance with regulatory or other legal requirements in their respective countries, that they or we will be able to comply with existing or future
requirements, and/or that they or we will continue in compliance with any requirements. Our failure or the failure of those with whom we transact business to comply with these requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 While we expect additional
regulation of our industry in some or all of these areas, and we expect continuing changes in the regulatory environment as new and proposed regulations are reviewed, revised and amended, we cannot predict with certainty what impact new laws in
these areas will have on us, if any. For a complete discussion of what we believe are the most material regulations impacting our business, see Item 1 to Part I “Business—Regulation” included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business
that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Various legal
proceedings that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of business have not been finally adjudicated, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. See, for example, the T-Mobile
USA, Inc. and Southwestern Bell matters as set forth in detail in Item 3 to Part I “Legal Proceedings” in this Annual Report. 
 Risks Relating to the Genie Spin-Off 
 We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Genie spin-off. 
 We believe that separating the two groups of operating units will allow our management to design and implement corporate strategies and policies that are
based primarily on the business characteristics of the industry in which we operate, maintain a sharper focus on core business and growth opportunities, and concentrate our financial resources wholly on our operations. Moreover, separating the
energy businesses makes us a more 
 easily understood company and provides investors with greater transparency regarding the future prospects and value of our business units. Investors will have the ability to independently value
us separate from the energy businesses. However, we may not be able to achieve some or all of the benefits expected as a result of the spin-off. By spinning off our energy businesses, there is a risk that we may be more susceptible to industry and
stock market fluctuations and other adverse events than we would have been if we still kept the energy businesses due to a reduction in business diversification. 
 If the spin-off were to fail to qualify as a tax-free spin-off under
Section 355 of the Code, our stockholders might be subject to significant tax liability. 
 Despite receiving a ruling from the IRS
substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the distribution of shares of Genie common stock to our stockholders will qualify as tax-free under Section 355 of the of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if the spin-off
fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, we would be treated as if we had sold Genie common stock for its fair market value, resulting in a taxable gain to the extent of the excess of such fair market value over our tax basis in the Genie stock. In
general, our stockholders would be treated as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of Genie common stock that was distributed to them. 
 The failure to consummate the spin-off may have an adverse effect on the trading
price of our Class B common stock. 
 If we fail to consummate the spin-off, the trading price for our Class B common stock may decrease as
our stockholders are currently expecting the distribution of Genie Class B common stock in the spin-off. 
 The loss of the cash flow and revenues from IDT Energy and the cash payment to Genie prior to the spin-off may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Once the spin-off is consummated, the Company will lose significant cash flow and revenues from IDT Energy. Such loss along with the approximately
$115 million in cash that is expected to be spun-off with Genie, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 Holders of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class A common stock. 
 Holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share on all matters on which our stockholders are entitled to vote, while
holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share. As a result, the ability of holders of our Class B common stock to influence our management is limited. 
 We are controlled by our principal stockholder, which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 
 Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and founder, has voting power over 5,370,218 shares of our common
stock (which includes 1,574,326 shares of our Class A common stock, which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis, and 3,795,892 shares of our Class B common stock), representing approximately 74.7% of the
combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, as of October 3, 2011. Mr. Jonas is able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of the directors and the approval of significant
corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management is limited. 
 Risks Related to Our Publicly Traded Equity 
 The price of our Class B common stock decreased significantly in prior periods, and
may continue to be subject to volatility. 
 The price of our Class B common stock decreased significantly in fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2009,
although the price increased in fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 but not to the previous levels. The price of our Class B common stock has been subject to substantial volatility during these fiscal years. As of the close of business on October 10,
2011, the price of our Class B common stock was $17.85. See Item 5 to Part II “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” in this Annual Report for more
information on the history of the closing prices of our Class B common stock. The price of our Class B common stock may continue to be subject to substantial volatility.