RISK FACTORS 
 Our
business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks as well as the other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document, particularly the discussions about regulation, competition and
intellectual property. The trading price of our Class B common stock could decline due to any of these risks. 
 Risks Related to Our Telecommunications Businesses 
 Each of our telecommunications lines of business is highly sensitive to declining prices, which may adversely affect our revenues and margins. 
 The worldwide telecommunications industry has been characterized in recent years by intense price competition, which has resulted in declines in both our average per-minute price realizations and our
average per-minute termination costs, as well as decreases in our revenue. Many of our competitors continue to aggressively price their services. The intense competition has led to continued erosion in our pricing power, in both our retail and
wholesale markets, and we have generally had to pass along all or some of the savings we achieve on our per-minute costs to our customers in the form of lower prices. Any increase by us in pricing may result in our prices not being as attractive,
which may result in a reduction of revenue. If these trends in pricing continue or increase, it could have a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our telecommunications businesses and/or our gross margins. 
 Because our prepaid products and Boss Revolution products generate a significant
portion of our revenue, our growth and our results of operations are substantially dependent upon growth in these products and these products continue to face significant competition which has adversely affected our profitability in recent years and
may continue to adversely affect our profitability. 
 Because of the significant percentage of our revenues generated by our retail
products, our results of operations and future growth significantly depend on the performance of these products. 
 We compete in the calling card market with many of the established facilities-based carriers, such as AT&T and Verizon, and with providers of alternative telecommunications services such as Mobile
Virtual Network Operators and other prepaid wireless providers. These companies are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, engineering, personnel and marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and
larger customer bases than we do. The use by these competitors of their resources in or affecting the calling card market could significantly impact our ability to compete against them successfully. In addition to these larger competitors, we face
significant competition from smaller calling card providers, who from time-to-time offer rates that are substantially below our rates, and in some instances below what we believe to be the cost to provide the service, in order to gain market share.
This type of pricing by one or more competitors can adversely affect our revenues, as they gain market share at our expense, and our gross margins, if we lower rates in order to better compete. 
 The continued growth of the use of wireless services and Internet
protocol-based services, largely due to lower pricing of such services, have adversely affected the sales of our calling cards as customers migrate from using calling cards to using these alternative services. We expect pricing of wireless and
IP-based services to continue to decrease, which may result in increased substitution and increased pricing pressure on our calling card sales and margins. 
 Certain traditional wireless operators have been rolling out unlimited international long distance plans that include a limited list of international
destinations to which customers can direct call from their mobile phones without time limitation. Currently, applicable destinations are limited. As more international destinations are added to the “international unlimited” list, this can
adversely affect our revenues, as these operators gain subscriber market share. 
 If we are not able to increase or maintain our revenue and margins generated from prepaid products, our overall results of operations could materially suffer. Further, if our competitors continue to
utilize their greater resources or to operate at lower levels of profitability in order to more aggressively market their products and services, this significant portion of our business could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, like all international calling services, our Boss Revolution products are subject to fierce
competition. Whether it is direct competitors, which offer similar calling services, or indirect competitors such as wireless service providers and VoIP carriers, which offer alternative international calling services, competitors that offer
alternatives to Boss Revolution try to attract their potential distributors and international callers with aggressive pricing and promotion. This competition can adversely affect the revenues and profitability of our Boss Revolution products. 
 We may not be able to obtain sufficient or cost-effective termination
capacity to particular destinations. 
 Most of our telecommunications traffic is terminated through third-party providers. In order to
support our minutes-of-use demands and geographic footprint, we may need to obtain additional termination capacity or destinations. We may not be able to obtain sufficient termination capacity from high-quality carriers to particular destinations or
may have to pay significant amounts to obtain such capacity. This could result in our not being able to support our minutes-of-use demands or in a higher cost-per-minute to particular destinations, which could adversely affect our revenues and
margins. 
 The termination of our carrier agreements with foreign partners
or our inability to enter into carrier agreements in the future could materially and adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our revenues and profits. 
 We rely upon our carrier agreements with foreign partners in order to provide our telecommunications services to our customers. These carrier agreements are for finite terms and, therefore, there can be
no guarantee that these agreements will be renewed at all or on favorable terms to us. Our ability to compete would be adversely affected if our carrier agreements were terminated or we were unable to enter into carrier agreements in the future to
provide our telecommunications services to our customers, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and profits. 
 As our IMTU business grows and more competitors enter this space, our ability to secure competitive direct or indirect, exclusive or non-exclusive,
agreements with international wireless operators to have access and to resell their in-country mobile top-ups could become more difficult or less attractive, thereby having an adverse affect on our revenues and operations. 
 Our customers, particularly our Wholesale Termination Services customers, could
experience financial difficulties, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability if we experience difficulties in collecting our receivables. 
 As a provider of international long distance services, we depend upon sales of transmission and termination of traffic to other long distance providers and the collection of receivables from these
customers. The wholesale market continues to feature many smaller, less financially stable companies. If weakness in the telecommunications industry or the global economy reduces our ability to collect our accounts receivable from our major
customers, particularly our wholesale customers, our profitability may be substantially reduced. Moreover, the recent economic recession both in the United States and elsewhere may affect our customers’ access to liquidity and impair our
ability to collect on receivables. While our most significant customers, from a revenue perspective, vary from quarter to quarter, our five largest wholesale carrier customers accounted for 5.6% of our total consolidated revenues from continuing
operations in fiscal 2012 compared with 6.1% in fiscal 2011. This concentration of revenues increases our exposure to non-payment by our larger customers, and we may experience significant write-offs related to the provision of wholesale carrier
services if any of our large customers fail to pay their outstanding balances, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 Our revenues will continue to suffer if our distributors and sales representatives fail to effectively market and distribute our traditional disposable prepaid
calling card products, our Boss Revolution products, our IMTU offerings and other services. 
 We currently rely on our distributors and
representatives for marketing and distribution of our traditional disposable prepaid calling card products, our Boss Revolution products, our IMTU offerings and other services. We utilize a network of several hundred sub-distributors that sell our
traditional disposable prepaid calling cards, Boss Revolution products, and IMTU to retail outlets throughout most of the United States. 
 In foreign countries, we are dependent upon our distributors and independent sales representatives, many of which also sell services or products for other
companies. As a result, we cannot control whether these foreign distributors and sales representatives will devote sufficient efforts to selling our services. In addition, we may 
 not succeed in finding capable distributors, retailers and sales representatives in new markets that we may enter. If our distributors or sales representatives fail to effectively market or
distribute our prepaid calling card products, Boss Revolution products, IMTU offerings and other services, our ability to generate revenues and grow our customer base could be substantially impaired. 
 Natural or man-made disasters could have an adverse effect on our technological
infrastructure. 
 Natural disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology
security may cause equipment failures or disrupt our operations. Our inability to operate our telecommunications networks as a result of such events, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses and/or
loss of market share to other communications providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Certain functions related to our business, particularly the business of IDT Telecom, depend on a single supplier or small group of suppliers to carry out its
business, and the inability to do business with some or all of these suppliers could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Certain functions related to our business, particularly the business of IDT Telecom, depend on a single supplier or small group of suppliers to carry out its business. Were the services of any one of them
to become unavailable or available only in decreased capacity or at less advantageous terms, this could result in interruptions to our ability to provide certain services, could cause reduction in service and/or quality as the function is
transitioned to an alternate provider, if any alternate provider is available, or could increase our cost, which in the current competitive environment, we may not be able to pass along to customers. Accordingly, any of these events could
materially and negatively impact our business, our revenues, our margins, and our relationships with customers. 
 We could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure and related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers. 
 To be successful, we need to continue to have available, for our and our customers’ use, a high capacity, reliable and secure
network. We face the risk, as does any company, of a security breach, whether through cyber attack, malware, computer viruses, sabotage, or other significant disruption of our IT infrastructure and related systems. As such, there is a risk of a
security breach or disruption of the systems we operate, including possible unauthorized access to our and our customers’ proprietary or classified information. We are also subject to breaches of our network resulting in unauthorized
utilization of our services or products, which subject us to the costs of providing those products or services, which are likely not recoverable. The secure maintenance and transmission of our and our customer’s information is a critical
element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit customer information, or those of service providers or business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third party penetration of our network
security, or that of a third party service provider or business partner, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third party service provider or business partner. As a result, our or our
customers’ information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without the customers’ consent, or our products and services may be used without payment. 
 Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity
of these types of information and systems, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging, especially in light of the growing
sophistication of cyber attacks and intrusions. We may be unable to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures. Certain of our business units have been the
subject of attempted and successful cyber-attacks in the past. While we have completed our analysis and remediation of most attacks, and have implemented security designed to foil future similar attacks, with respect to certain of these
attacks, we are still in the process of determining what information may have been compromised and its potential impact. 
 Network disruptions, security breaches and other significant failures of the above-described systems could (i) disrupt the proper functioning of
these networks and systems and therefore our operations or those of certain of our customers; (ii) result in the unauthorized use of our services or products without payment, (iii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction,
loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including trade secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or
otherwise harmful purposes and 
 outcomes; (iv) require significant management attention or financial resources to remedy the damages that result or to change our systems; (v) subject us to claims for contract breach,
damages, credits, fines, penalties, termination or other remedies; or (vi) result in a loss of business, damage our reputation among our customers and the public generally, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to
litigation. Any or all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We could fail to comply with requirements imposed on us by certain third parties, including regulators. 
 An increasingly significant portion of our telecom transactions are processed using credit cards and similar payment methods. As we shift from sales
through our traditional distribution channels to newer platforms, including Boss Revolution, that portion is expected to increase and that growth is dependent on utilizing such payment methods. The banks, credit card companies and other relevant
parties are imposing strict system and other requirements in order to participate in such parties’ payment systems. Further, as we move into more payment and financial services in addition to services and products that are solely telecom
related, those operations may be subject to different and more stringent requirements by regulators and trade organizations in various jurisdictions. We may not be able to comply with all such requirements in a timely manner or remain in
compliance. If we are not in compliance, we could be subject to penalties or the termination of our rights to participate in such payment systems or provide such services, which could have a material negative impact on our ability to carry on and
grow our Retail Communications and Payment Services operations. 
 Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 
 We hold significant cash, cash
equivalents and investments that are subject to various market risks. 
 As of July 31, 2012, we had cash and cash equivalents of $151.5
million and aggregate short-term and long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents of $22.1 million. As of July 31, 2012, we also had $6.4 million in investments in hedge funds, of which $0.1 million was included in
“Investments-short-term” and $6.3 million was included in “Investments-long-term” in our consolidated balance sheet. We liquidated most of our investment in hedge funds in recent years. The remaining balances are subject to time
restrictions. We anticipate liquidating the remaining balances when the restrictions lapse. These hedge funds carry a degree of risk, as there can be no assurance that we can redeem these investments at any time and that the managers of the hedge
funds in which we have invested will be able to accurately predict the course of price movements of securities and other instruments and, in general, the securities markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and
unpredictability. As a result of these different market risks, our holdings of cash, cash equivalents and investments could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Intellectual Property, Tax, Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 We may be adversely affected if we fail to protect our proprietary technology. 
 We depend on proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights in conducting our various business operations. We rely on a
combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Failure of our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements
and other measures to provide protection of our technology and our intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to more effectively compete with us and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 In addition, we may be required to litigate in the
future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any such litigation could result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any such litigation. 
 We may be subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property rights of
others. 
 From time to time we may be subject to claims and legal proceedings from third parties regarding alleged infringement by us of
trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights. Additionally, ICTI’s business model relies on licensing and otherwise realizing value on its VoIP patent portfolio. It may enforce its patents in United States federal
district courts, which hold exclusive jurisdiction to hear claims of patent infringement. ICTI may be subject to counterclaims alleging that the asserted patents are not infringed, invalid, and/or unenforceable. Such suits and counterclaims can be
expensive and time consuming and could distract us and our management from focusing on our businesses. Further, loss of such suits could result in financial burdens and the requirement to modify our modes of operation, which could materially
adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to tax and regulatory audits which could result in the imposition of liabilities that may or may not
have been reserved. 
 We are subject to audits by taxing and regulatory authorities with respect to certain of our income and operations.
These audits can cover periods for several years prior to the date the audit is undertaken and could result in the imposition of liabilities, interest and penalties if our positions are not accepted by the auditing entity. 
 At July 31, 2012, we have accrued for the estimated loss from these
audits for which it is probable that a liability has been incurred, however amounts asserted by taxing authorities or the amount ultimately assessed against us could be greater than the accrued amounts. Accordingly, additional provisions may be
recorded in the future as revised estimates are made or underlying matters are settled or resolved. Imposition of assessments as a result of audits related to these other taxes could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows
and financial condition. 
 On February 10, 2006, Universal
Service Administrative Company, or USAC, notified us that it issued an Audit Report from its Internal Audit Division, or IAD. In calendar year 2005, the IAD audited our FCC Form 499-A filings for calendar years 2000 through 2004 related to the
payments to the Universal Service Fund, and concluded that we incorrectly reported certain revenues on Forms 499-A. USAC directed us to refile our Forms 499-A for calendar years 2002 through 2004 in a manner consistent with the IAD’s findings.
We did not refile the Forms 499-A, as we believe the IAD is mistaken in certain conclusions regarding the treatment of our revenues. USAC, however, filed the forms on our behalf, which we believe to be impermissible under the FCC’s rules and
regulations. 
 In calendar year 2008, the IAD audited our FCC Form
499-A filings for calendar years 2005 and 2006. In connection therewith, USAC issued an Audit Report from its IAD finding, as it found in its prior Audit Report, that we incorrectly reported certain revenues on Forms 499-A. USAC directed us to
refile our Forms 499-A for calendar year 2005 in a manner consistent with the IAD’s findings. We did not refile the Forms 499-A, as we believed the IAD is mistaken in certain conclusions regarding the treatment of our revenues. Whereas USAC
filed certain Forms 499-A on our behalf over our objection in the first audit, USAC has not yet filed any Forms 499-A on our behalf as a result of the second audit. We filed with the FCC a “Request for Review” of the Audit Report, which
remains pending as of the date we are filing this Annual Report. 
 USAC’s revisions in both audits to our filing methodology resulted in additional regulatory payments for the years covered by the audit. While we
believe in the accuracy of our filing methodology and our Request for Review remains pending, we have implemented some of the revisions set forth in the IAD’s filings beginning with our calendar year 2010 Form 499-A. We have accrued for all
regulatory fees we believe may be incurred under IAD’s methodology from 2002 through the present, in the event our Request for Review is denied and/or our methodology is not upheld on appeal, and we have made certain payments on amounts that
have been invoiced to us by USAC and/or other agencies. We anticipate receiving additional invoices in the near future for our most recent audit. If we receive such invoices, we will likely remit payment for those invoices while our Request for
Review remains pending. As of July 31, 2012, our accrued expenses included $26.8 million for these regulatory fees for the years covered by the audit and subsequent years through fiscal 2012. Until a final decision has been reached in our
disputes, we will continue to accrue in accordance with IAD’s methodology. If we do not properly calculate, or have not properly calculated, the amount payable by us to the Universal Service Fund, we may be subject to interest and penalties. 
 We are subject to value added tax, or VAT, audits from
time-to-time in various jurisdictions. In the conduct of such audits, we may be required to disclose information of a sensitive nature and, in general, to modify the way we have conducted business with our distributors until the present, which may
affect our business in an adverse manner. 
 We are also subject to
audits in various jurisdictions for various other taxes, including utility excise tax, sales and use tax, communications services tax, gross receipts tax and property tax. As of July 31, 2012, we had accrued an aggregate of $2.6 million related
to these audits. The following is a summary of the more significant audits: 
 In December 2010, the New Jersey Division of Taxation filed a Certificate of Debt related to the sales and use tax audit that resulted in the entry of
a Judgment in the amount of $2.1 million, which allows the Division of Taxation to place a lien or levy on our assets. 
 In May 2011, we received a Notice of Proposed Assessment from the Florida Department of Revenue related to communications services tax that included an
aggregate assessment of tax and interest of $2.7 million. 
 Federal and state regulations may be passed that could harm Net2Phone’s business. 
 Net2Phone’s ability to provide VoIP communications services at attractive rates arises in large part from the fact that VoIP services are not currently subject to the same level of regulation as
traditional, switch-based telephony. The use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide voice communications services is largely unregulated within the United States, although several foreign governments have adopted laws and/or regulations
that could restrict or prohibit the provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks. If interconnected VoIP services become subject to state regulation and/or additional regulation by the FCC, such regulation will
likely lead to higher costs and reduce or eliminate the competitive advantage interconnected VoIP holds, by virtue of its lesser regulatory oversight, over traditional telecommunications services. More aggressive regulation of the Internet in
general, and Internet telephony providers and services specifically, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to offer services outside of the United States is subject to the local
regulatory environment, which may be unfavorable, complicated and often uncertain. 
 Regulatory treatment outside the United States varies
from country to country. We distribute our products and services through resellers that may be subject to telecommunications regulations in their home countries. The failure of these resellers to comply with these laws and regulations could reduce
our revenue and profitability, or expose us to audits and other regulatory proceedings. Regulatory developments such as these could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 In many countries in which we operate or our services are sold, the status of the laws that may relate to our services is
unclear. We cannot be certain that our customers, resellers, or other affiliates are currently in compliance with regulatory or other legal requirements in their respective countries, that they or we will be able to comply with existing or future
requirements, and/or that they or we will continue in compliance with any requirements. Our failure or the failure of those with whom we transact business to comply with these requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 
 While we expect additional
regulation of our industry in some or all of these areas, and we expect continuing changes in the regulatory environment as new and proposed regulations are reviewed, revised and amended, we cannot predict with certainty what impact new laws in
these areas will have on us, if any. For a complete discussion of what we believe are the most material regulations impacting our business, see Item 1 to Part I “Business—Regulation” included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business
that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Various legal
proceedings that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of business have not been finally adjudicated, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. See, for example, the
Southwestern Bell matter as set forth in detail in Item 3 to Part I “Legal Proceedings” in this Annual Report. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 Holders of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class A common stock. 
 Holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share on all matters on which our stockholders are entitled to vote, while
holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share. As a result, the ability of holders of our Class B common stock to influence our management is limited. 
 We are controlled by our principal stockholder, which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 
 Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and founder, has voting power over 5,370,218 shares of our common
stock (which includes 1,574,326 shares of our Class A common stock, which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis, and 3,297,379 shares of our 
 Class B common stock), representing approximately 73.8% of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, as of October 4, 2012. Mr. Jonas is able to control matters
requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of the directors and the approval of significant corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability
of any of our other stockholders to influence our management is limited. 
 Risks Related to Our Publicly Traded Equity 
 The price of our Class B common stock decreased significantly in prior periods, and may continue to be subject to volatility. 
 The price of our Class B common stock decreased significantly in fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2009, although the price has increased since fiscal 2009, after
taking into account the value of stock of entities that were spun off by the Company that were received by the Company’s stockholders, but not to the previous levels. The price of our Class B common stock has been subject to substantial
volatility during these fiscal years. As of the close of business on October 9, 2012, the price of our Class B common stock was $10.51. See Item 5 to Part II “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” in this Annual Report for more information on the history of the closing prices of our Class B common stock. The price of our Class B common stock may continue to be subject to substantial volatility.